

Adam avoids question.

Adam Savage's stock went way down in my book. Sometimes it's best not to get to know celebrities or what they think... 3:36 Ahh, he's bordering and battling with white guilt. We just saw it's mental evolution. Compare the contradiction 1:45 and 4:04.

not sure what side Adam is talking about... sounds more like the SJW and not GG...

"when you realise that you can talk to someone you're interested in and not be idiotic and actually get them interested in you, thats a power" confirmed, adam savage is a pick up artist.

Regardless of perhaps a limited working knowledge of what the GG issue is on both of their parts, Adam answered in a fashion that was becoming of his nature. He outlined a number of great ideas concerning the issues of male saturated fields and the business world in general. Culture IS a huge part of the issue. Unrealistic expectations created by culture ARE a part of the issue. However, it is also an individuals responsibility to inspect their own behaviour and how it affects others, regardless of gender, race, age and socioeconomic status. The best question to ask yourself is, are you making yourself feel good? Is how you make yourself feel good built around making others feel bad? If the answer is yes, then you are part of the problem, but you don't have to be. Peace and love people.

anyone who pisses off gamergaters gets respect in my book

The reason there are so many people against women entering into technical fields is that idiots have redefined "against women entering into technical fields" to include things like wearing a shirt that feminists don't like, or making a video game with a female character that doesn't adhere to a strict conservative dress code. When you define "against women entering into technical fields" so loosely as to include pretty much anyone who does anything that you personally don't like, then of course there are going to be a large number of people who fit that definition.

not just that, but if you deny that theres an issue in any way, or that its not as bad as it is being made out to be then instantly that supposedly proves there is an issue, circular logic.

There are a lot of anti-gg drones in these comments. It's rather sad.

There is no rage at women in the gaming sphere. The whole premise is ridiculous. Check your head adam.

Critics provide criticism and it's okay. Critics refuse to aknowledge any critisism of their work and demonize people who critisize them. This incredible level of hypocrisy and slander is what's causing rage.

Please Indre Viskontas, do some research and find out about the truth about gamergate. If you ignore the feminist rhetoric and the 3rd party trolls you'll find out it has been misrepresented. It is now and has always been about the lack of ethics in journalism. It is not about harassment of women or females in the gaming industry. People have tried to hijack the movement for their own purposes but that doesn't make their versions true. I'm not a gamer or involved in gamergate but I've been watching all this unfold for months. I am confident you've been misled.

it's so cringe worthy how she spins it as "rage against women". Well first of all. as far as I understand it, GamerGate is not about Gender Issues in the first place. But even that aside, it is not about women, it is about people who push a specific social justice agenda, which demonizes masculinity (aka men) and of course gamers in general. I mean I as a gamer have an issue if not only some people who have no interest in the gaming medium aside from fame and money to push their ideological agenda in it, but also at the same time insulting everyone within this community with such bigoted statements as "gamers are misogynists". Sorry but there is no gamer-bible which commands us to hate women. If you actually would spend some time in a gaming community you would know what the issues are in that community and hating women or minorities isn't one of them. idiots exist everywhere, but it is not a uniquely gaming issue.

1. She doesn't understand the anger because she doesn't know what #gamergate is all about. And vitriol? When people both inside and outside the gaming community questioned ethics in journalism, the SJW came up with claims of lack of diversity in gaming industry. This was responded by women of all races who supported gamergate giving birth to the #notyourshield hashtag. It has been found that many of the "threats" against women in gaming were perpetrated by those women themselves. So who is filled with vitriol? 2. About female body images. SJW are constantly talking about sexualization of women in media. But aren't they divided on this? I have seen feminists who claim that nudity in Hollywood and pornography is empowerment as well as feminists who claim that it is objectification. So which is it? Is nudity objectification or empowerment? Please enlighten me Mr. Savage. 3. Terrible ideals propagating in the society. Aren't feminists the ones spreading hashtags like #killallmen and #heforshe to push gender politics? I am tempted to ask this. Because Mr. Savage is blaming #gamergate for spewing vitriol of their unfulfilled life when in fact it is the feminist #SJW that is doing this. And that too in increasingly terrible ways making all sorts of stupid claims. Just read what Mr. #FullMcIntosh is posting on Twitter and you will understand.

"... all anyone wants is to be happy and be fulfilled and it's genuinely sad that there's a group out there that feels so unfulfilled that they feel the drive to push their lack of fulfillment outwards. Right? I want to deny these things to you, and you, and you because I feel denied. That's terrible." Oddly, Adam perfectly described feminists.

I'm not surprised. In fact, I knew Adam Savage has drunk the poisoned kool aid after he invited Rebecca Watson as a speaker at an event.

When you realize you can make some shitty videos and claim thousands on Patreon, you realize you have a power... (not taking sides, just an observation)

The only rage I feel is that against censorship. Allow me my profanities and bloodshed, fuck your gender politics.

Another Hollywood liberal idiot... Wow, big surprise there... They just buy into whatever victimization is popular for the year. Operating on shock, aww, and sympathy. How does everyone NOT see through this?!?!

The only criticism is that he needed to do some more research. Saying he's part of a scheme by the media is outlandish when it's the media's fault for spinning this idea in a wrong way.

I don't get your point, David. Since much of GamerGate is also liberal, such as myself, I don't really appreciate you appropriating the tag to run your own political agenda and portray the rest of us as raving right wingers. Does nothing positive for GG overall and only serves to give the opposition ammunition.

+The Emo Emu and I don't understand your anger. If he had said he was conservative, I would have called him another conservative idiot. But he didn't. He said just the opposite. I'm not pushing an agenda, I'm pissed at people always playing the victim card and always getting away with it!

i waited until the end to down vote this video.

I downvoted immediately because I read your post and knew the nether ape, ignorant to evo-pysch, bent on maximizing personal sexual selection part of this man's brain was already the only cultural, evident, and verbal road he had available to him.

#NAME?

+Bjrn Friedrichsen Well I would've as well if I wouldn't of seen your post, hard to tell if people are keeping up on current events or not.

#NAME?

0:35 - "I don't understand the anger..." You don't even understand the premise.

He doesnt know the answer to the question. Hes being too general.

He's avoiding the question. For a man older than the pyramids, you really aren't that bright.

I think he's referring to the interviewer asking "Why is there so much rage against women an--in these fields?" instead of asking something along the lines of "Why are corrupt media groups able to hide behind women and deflect criticism?"

if i was a woman in science my biggest fear would be men with shirts of women. The fear they conjure is unlike any other.

#NAME?

#NAME?

+Ron Williams Oh, ok. Yeah, I'm fairly certain that's what everyone's least favorite tyrant was getting at. +joseph linden See, what I hated about shirtstorm is that it was fucking dumb and got blown way out of proportion. On one hand, I highly doubt him choosing to wear what was admittedly the tackiest shirt I've seen since the last time I watched that Weird Al music video was a conscious attempt to be a dick or anything. On the other hand: dude, really? Dress more professionally. I'd go for a button up, tie, and possibly a lab coat. You don't really need a lab coat, it's what people expect scientists to be wearing. Plus, studies show (Milgram, Stanley (1963). "Behavioral Study of Obedience". Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology 67) that if you wear a lab coat up to 64% of people will commit murder if you ask them nicely.

How could he talk as long as he did but not say anything substantive.

also he is from the san fran area and his point of view is coming there he does admits he is from a "liberal pov" and san fran liberal is something all together different

+Victor Gallagher You've never seen a politician speak, have you?

I feel Adam was ambushed by this question, hence why the answer he gives is so broad and vague. Its clear at least when he was asked this months ago that he had no clue what GamerGate is, and was given and weazely "have you beat your wife lately" type question that he couldn't escape from.

#NAME?

+Khalil Sheehan-Miles Its not that they asked a left wing question, its that they asked a pseudo-feminist question that was worded to direct negativity to Gamergate and pinning it as a reason women are afraid to enter the science and tech fields. Adam clearly had no clue what GamerGate was, but based on how the interviewer worded it, he had to pin it with the broad subject of women being "pushed from" science and tech.

Respect for Adam Savage = Lost. I disagree with what he said, but more importantly I disagree with what he did and that is the opposite of the very thing that him and all skeptics push forward... and that is to say "I don't know" when you don't know. He clearly doesn't know and so him answering as he did is asinine, especially with regards to his past comments. Fucking Hypocrites

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 >pseudo-feminist Aww, still pretending you aren't one step above a MRA? >the broad subject of women being "pushed from" science and tech. Interesting bit of trivia: there used to be more women than men in computer programming. They have actually been slowly pushed out. Back in the days of Turing's Bombe, the word computer meant a person who did computations. During those days, almost all human computers were female, When the first early electronic computers were created, human computers were drafted in to do the actual programming of the machines and as a result, all of the early computer programmers were female. Once programming became a respectable job you went and got a degree for, they were slowly pushed out of the various education and certification programs. Also, there was Lovelace, but that was neither here nor there.

+Khalil Sheehan-Miles You're conflating a person who does routine calculations and processes vs someone who invents unique algorithms or processes. I see no evidence for what you're talking about, because the fields are not the same nor similar despite seeming to be from a overgeneralized of what's happening. Show me evidence of a majority women programmer period of time and I will say that's the case, but what you have shown is instead that there has always been a lot of work that takes time, but not much else, and there were a lot of women in a particular field of doing such work. Some were brilliant mind you and used that work to do some amazing things, but that does not give evidence of your statement.

+Durakken >you're conflating a person who does routine math... show me evidence of a majority. Sure. First, the important one: ENIAC was the first fully programmable computer, and as a result the people who programmed it represented 100% of the computer programmers in existence at that point in time. All of the ENIAC programmers (and thus, all of the programmers in the world) were female. Second, the trivia: Back in the Babbage days, Ada Lovelace was the first (and the last) person to create a program for his Analytical Engine. At that point, 100% of programmers were female because 100% of programmers were Ada Lovelace.

+Khalil Sheehan-Miles Sorry no. ENIAC's claim to fame is being the completely electronic part, not first "fully pprogrammable. All computers are "fully programmable" and the fact that they all worked on that computer does not make them the full compliment of programmers. In the case of Lovelace, I don't know enough to say whether there was a time when only she was able to program the thing as clearly Babbage was able to program the thing and someone did so that's a bit weak of an argument and considering we're talking general purpose digital computing to some degree the best you can get out of that is 50/50. But 2 major problem with what you're saying is that you're talking a very small number of people before any of this stuff took off to any degree and ignoring the larger picture of what was going on. The other major problem, at least in the case of Lovelace is that I see no reason to presume she's the programmer... Which I need to clarify and which is the actual problem here. The person who input the program and the person who came up with the program was often not the same person. By today's standard though, it would be. I consider the person who input the program to be nothing more than an input device like any keyboard, equivalent to such in this context and the person who came up with the program is equivalent to the programmer in today's terms and I'd hope that anyone trying to make the claim you're putting forward would be doing the same. That being the case there is no reason to think that I know of to place Lovelace as a programmer. So you have provided 1 invalid entry and 1 that within context not only shows that women weren't the majority, they likely weren't even a very big minority within such a small field otherwise they wouldn't have had to "self teach" themselves programming but instead invented it or learned it from someplace other than themselves.

+Durakken >All computers are fully programmable Bullshit. Colossus could only break codes, and Bombe could only break the Enigma. >the fact that they were 100% of the programmers working on that computer doesn't make them 100% of the programmers working on that computer what is this I don't even >No reason to assume Lovelace is the programmer perhaps she just input the program The computer was never built. No-one ever input the program. When she translated an Italian mathematician's memoir relating to Babbage's work, she appended some notes to explain to anyone reading what the difference between the Analytical Engine and the single purpose Difference Engine was. The notes included instructions on how to make the Analytical Engine calculate Bernoulli numbers. This is considered to be the first computer program. (While Babbage had designed the machine he never actually created any programs for it.)

+Khalil Sheehan-Miles I said... The fact that all 6 of the programmers working on a particular computer does not mean that they are all the programmers that exist at that moment. You are putting forth the case that because I can find a store where all the animals in it are dogs that all the animals that exist in the world must be dogs. As far as Lovelace. Again Babbage must have known how to program it, whether he did it or not doesn't mean he didn't have that ability and in this case I would argue that the ability to do it is the important part here, without taking away from her ability. Either way, I don't see the value of your argument here whether true or not. In a time that she was the only one to have had access to it apparently and the will to do it she's the only one to do it. That's not saying much that if you need to restrict things down to that point to get a majority...

+Durakken >There were other computers to be programmed. No, there were not, unless you consider the Colossus to be a computer despite its status as a single purpose, non-Turing Complete machine. Your pet store metaphor does not fit unless that was the only pet store in existence, at which point it would be completely valid to claim that 100% of animals within pet stores are dogs, because 100% of the animals within the only pet store on the planet are dogs. >Babbage is a programmer even though he never made a program because he designed the machine. So are electrical engineers computer programmers now?

#NAME?

+Durakken http://www.tf2sounds.com/1939

Sounds like he's talking about the anti- #gg to me. Liberal ideals, for the most part, are terrible things to strive for too, Adam. Wait, did he just admit to white guilt? You don't have to pay for anything, unless you hurt someone. Exactly, lady, most people aren't actual misogynists, and these accusers are a small minority. That whole convo made no sense, at all.

+Samual Isaac Clark As I said, he avoided the question and said "doxxing is bad" which can be taken as supportive of both sides.

He does not understand #gamergate or the question.

I dont see anything wrong with the way Adam answered the question. he was pre-supposing that if somebody imposed hatred or vitriol against somebody, then those behaviors would be projection of the person's own dissatisfaction. Of course you could make the assumption that because he did not outright disagree with the premise, that he was supporting a premise that "gamergate was comprised of that behavior" but closely looking at this I dont see it that way. The closest I saw to him addressing the premise of 'hate', was his reference to Carrie and the kinds of comments she got for being a woman in the tech industry. (I'm assuming it would be the kinds of comments on forums and under youtube videos). This is somebody who is looking at a case through first hand experience and its not even about gaming, its probably closer to the culture of trolling and immaturity on the internet, which is something we can mostly agree is something that the internet could do without. And frankly, as somebody who has been following the movement, and is probably most closely ideologically aligned with TB (On the side that gamers exist, ethics is required, but lets be civil).... I would think most gamergaters would be very pleased with Adam's comments. Firstly, he rightly addresses that its a multi-industry wide problem, not a gamer problem. Indeed, if you wanted to talk about gamers are dead and then segway into "toxic masculinity", whatever that is - any intelligent critically thinking person would logically segway into society and culture as a whole, not just gaming. For instance, Hollywood (which he called out specifically), Mass Media (called out specifically), and probably Youtube comments and public discussion (implied through comments Carrie). There is the fact that he went to all this trouble to be diplomatic, despite the question being phrased around "gaming", Adam did not mention gaming ONCE, and yet people are posting stuff like "Respect for adam = lost". I mean, do you want to actually listen to what somebody says or just hear 1-2 words, close the video, and form a slothful opinion here. If more people could take a step back from hatred and just 'listening and believing' and critically think about what is actually going on, then this problem would be a lot closer to being presently solved than it currently is. Adam is FAR from being a SJW in this video, hes a critically thinking person. Id even go so far as to call his observations in the realm of trying to be scientific (as much as you can call armchair psycho-analyzing science). I'm kind of surprised with some of the comments here. Sadly, from the comment section here. It appears that "listen and believe" is not a problem unique to SJW's. Gamergater's can be just as guilty in echo chambers and circlejerks in comment sections.

+Jeremy Orchard Since you specifically quoted me... Follow what you said listen to someone before you comment. Adam is answering a question that he knows nothing about apparently from the way he speaks and what he says. As a skeptic you say "I don't know" and leave it at that, not give an answer that tries to support the questioners implied position while vaguely using experiences to expound on that. As far as his comments about what Byron has gone through. As far as I know and have seen she gets trolls just like any one else, but most of the commentary is filled with love, but he implies that she is getting massive amounts of hate and threats and such. The thing is he likely is doing this more than he realizes for the very reason I have a problem with what he's saying. He doesn't know what he's being asked and I really rather doubt that what he thinks happens to Byron is accurate considering how we as humans tend to deal with this stuff. She may get thousands of people saying how great she is and then get 1 ranting about how awful she is and that 1 is more likely what she is going to share and talk about and be effected by and so Adam sees the 1 and not the thousands and the effect that 1 has. So he's likely misrepresenting and answering a question he doesn't with misrepresented information, both of which he takes a stand against doing, but he's doing here. When someone is hypocritical they lose respect. That's just how it works.

+Khalil Sheehan-Miles you may already know this but Matt wore the shirt as a thank you to the feminist friend who created it as a gift for him. Scientists aren't known for their social graces. They spend their lives often isolated in labs around people like themselves so their exposure to social grace and current norms is limited.

#NAME?

Stop lying about us. Just stop, please.

Adam really should have done more research before speaking on this topic. He comes off extremely out of touch. ABC also said we are a small group and go check out how that went for them. There are hundreds of thousands of people who have supported #gamergate for almost 5 months. We didn't just band together to "attack women" or remove them from the industry. That notion is just absurd.

I'm not sure he knew the questions in advance, so that might be why his answer was a little vague and uninformed. If they didn't tell him about this in advance, then they really threw him to the wolves and put a smudge on his reputation with thousands of nerds world wide.

>we didn't band together to attack women Yeah, and the Khmer Rouge didn't band together to end the Khmer race, it just kinda happened that way. (No, I don't think you're anywhere near as bad as madmen who left behind literal mountains of skulls, but it's a great example of how intentions and results don't always line up.)

#NAME?

Sorry, but when you talk about harassment, no one in #GamerGate is celebrating that. However, when one speaks of TFYC and Jennifer Dawe, who have been harassed, doxxed and otherwise slandered by the other side, one only needs to read the comments of its most vocal members. Sorry, Adam, you are wrong. And please bring back Grant, Kari and Tori.

Sorry, didn't mean to drag her into this. I'll edit it out. But point still stands: when you have a side that actively campaigns against people and groups they think are 'troublesome', they will celebrate when that voice is silenced. (Untimely Gamer VS SeedScape, ZQ VS TFYC)

#NAME?

Who is celebrating that? Like seriously, reading comprehension, guy: find me a big GG supporter who is actively celebrating those doxxes. When you're already moving the goal post before you even read what I posted, that seems to me you really have nothing but the tired rhetoric everyone's already debunked.

+Unkempt Harold >find me a big GG supporter actively celebrating the doxes Last time I checked, your gimmick was that you have no leaders and thus, no big supporters. Furthermore, GG's approach to doxxing mostly consists of pretending it didn't happen. How about I find you the GGer supporting doxes after you find me a Maoist actively celebrating the famine brought about by the Great Leap Forward? >already debunked If by debunked you mean blamed on third parties despite the complete lack of evidence pointing to their involvement, than yes, it has been debunked.

Yes, because a troll speaks for the whole movement. So I guess you really have nothing new to tell me. Good day then, troll.

+Unkempt Harold >a troll speaks for the whole movement Isn't GG's "greatest strength" supposed to be the fact that all you need to do in order to be a part of the mob is use a hashtag? >No Khalil. You are the trolls. I wish. Having regeneration would be fairly cool. Hell, just having more than one hit die would be great.

I love how you come up with all these strawmen. You can feed a stable with that, y'know. Since it needs to be repeated, again: GamerGate is a movement against unethical practices in journalism. No, we don't have leaders, but we have active participants who contribute (and those with larger voices tend to create their own independent camps). No, TB is not our leader, so is IA, Sargon, Christina Sommers, nor TFYC, nor Jennifer Dawe, No one is actively supporting doxxing of any kind (compared to the Ghazi trolls). And of course, the non-point you keep on hammering: trolls will always be hijacking the hashtag for their own lulz, which again no one is celebrating. Unlike the other side. Now move the goal post.

+Arto Pekkanen >you can't prove the doxers have anything to do with gg They put on the hashtag that is all one has to do in order to be involved with gamergate. That's what you idiots keep claiming is GG's greatest strength. Anyway, if someone says they're doing something in the name of GG, I see no reason to not take their word for it. Also, you can't prove that I'm not a lizardman, so your entire point is moot.

#NAME?

Because, simply, you do: http://www.crimeandfederalism.com/2014/12/margaret-pless-zoe-quinn.html

+Unkempt Harold Someone's blog? Really? Pravda is more trustworthy. And no offense, but I don't trust screenshots of tweets given how easy they are to fake.

Prove it wrong, then.

+Unkempt Harold Sure. I'll link you to a fake tweet, see if you can figure out how I realized it was fake https://www.facebook.com/254381504735184/photos/a.255511097955558.1073741829.254381504735184/351484795024854/?type=1 If you need a hint, count the characters.

Here: http://wehuntedthemammoth.com/2014/10/06/a-voice-for-mens-janet-bloomfield-libels-anita-sarkeesian-with-an-obviously-fake-screenshot-of-a-tweet-that-never-was/ I mean, really, that's your point? You still haven't proved me wrong, then.

#NAME?

Burden of proof is on you, then. Prove to me they are faked.

Also, bias =/= faked evidence, before you spout off your nonsense again.

+Unkempt Harold No, the burden of proof is on you to prove that she thought tweeting about something containing a man's BUSINESS address (something that is made freely available for the purposes of conducting business) would result in him getting swatted. (Also, if you go follow the link, you will notice that when the person who wrote that was informed that his business address and his home address were the same one, it was removed.)

+Arto Pekkanen Okay, the reason GG is considered to be the main guys doing the doxxing instead of anti-gg is because it started out as harassing Zoe (or literally who if you're in denial, not to be confused with literally who and literally who, who are two completely different people gamergate claims that they don't care about, although now gg seems to be focusing less on literally who and literally who, although there is a renewed focus on literally who) because an angry ex claimed she was cheating on him with someone at kotaku, and people assumed she was sleeping around for reviews. (The fact that he had not actually reviewed her game never occurred to anyone.) These people doxxed zoe, and they did so far before gamergate and the "ethics in journalism" excuse was even a thing. As a result, GamerGate was tainted quite literally before it even began. Anyway, this one internet lynch mob ( #burgersandfries ) merged with the already existing one that hated Anita, and thus #GamerGate and the culture war against SJWs was born.

+Arto Pekkanen >we don't like doxing Consensus among North Korea is they had nothing to do with the Sony Hack or the minting of the Superdolars. >criticizing the collusion What collusion? As I said, the people he claimed she had sex with didn't review her game. >officially we focused on the journalists Bullshit. No-one focused on the journalists. It was called #Quinnspiracy for a reason. Also, officially? How can something be official if you're just a leaderless mob? >no really, you should totally trust someone's ex when they whine on the internet Not even going to touch this one. >you assume the people who doxxed quinn and sarkesian are the same group They used the hashtag, didn't they? Isn't it GamerGate's greatest "strength" that any random asshole can be a part of it? Also, on the subject of that somehow being a strength, the only way it can be thought of as a strength is if you consider the ability to at any point claim "oh no, this person wasn't a part of us and was just some asshole using the hashtag" to be a strength, and the only reason you would want to do that is if you were going to be doing something illicit in the first place.

you are right you are psychoanalyzing people you don't know. for a start you assume most of gamergate are americans we are not. we are an international consumer movement centered around ethics in gaming journalism. we are sick and tired of being slandered and insulted by the gaming press who all seem to reside in san francisco and seem to feel they can dictate to the world and call gamers dead. no one on the gamergate side is preventing women from gaming half of us are women and minorities and lbgt. you and your chums are demonizing perfectly ordinary decent people from all around the world. you can expect this to backfire spectacularly.

dont you just love people who, with no understanding of the situation give an opinion?

yes. not to mention journalist's that force people to do that? it's the equivalent of mugging someones morality?

They tell the story they prefer over the truth these days.

>assume most ggers are americans Seems to be a default assumption with any online movement, but to be honest, I don't really care where you live. So long as it isn't North Korea or Cuba, you're probably caught up in consumerism too. >the gaming press Then why the focus on shit like one idiot telling another idiot his shirt was tacky, or a culture critic who has nothing to do with the mainstream gaming press? >calling gamers dead The original intent was to say "Gamers aren't just the stereotyped neckbeards, we also have Vin Diesel," as well as to express outrage over the stupid #quinspiricy thing.

Slow Minds. GamerGate has nothing against women. There are thousands of women and other minorities in the user revolt. This is mainstream media (and now you) pushing the agenda that THEY want to talk about onto hundred of thousands of people. You do not get the 97% dislike rating like the recent ABC video did without having goofed up in a big way. You just waded into the same category. GamerGate is not small in number. And that is because we are not these people that you talk about. You might as well just ask someone what they think about black people and then instantly start talking about criminals as if the two things are one; You just insulted a huge group of people based on a much smaller group that just incidentally has some overlap as it does with many other groups of individuals. This is horrible reporting. I'll refrain from using worse language than that here, but I have zero respect for what you just did. Zero.

Nah, they get a 97% dislike rating when /gg/ or KIA brigades the video, it's pretty fucking obvious mate.

So you're saying that if some of GG shows up then the result is 30.000 downvotes? That debunks her idea that we're talking about a small amount of people. MYTH... BUSTED!

You're calling 30,000 people disliking a youtube video a consumer revolt, not taking into account that people outside of GG also tend to dislike Sarkeesian. And yes, 30,000 people is peanuts in the grand scheme of video game communities. Do you remember that petition that asked GTA5 to be removed from Target here in Australia? That got 48,809 signatures, and that was based on a premise that was total bullshit. So please keep your argumentum ad populum to yourself m8. But by all means keep pretending it's about ethics and not reactionary conservatism in response to criticism of themes in video games (games are art, after all).

+Mr.Science "... that people outside of GG also tend to dislike Sarkeesian." And there goes the myth that anti-GamerGate has the general populace on their side. I'm glad that we can agree that most people do recognize her lies and disapprove. Keep going. You're on a roll here.

You've lost me as a supporter Adam. I'm sorry you're so completely ignorant of a subject. And I'm a liberal dude.

I'm also a liberal. Most of GamerGate is, yet nimrods will keep on talking about right wingers and women. It's how you spot someone with no clue about what is going on.

So one mistake and BAM! Never liking him again. The guy didn't know about Gamergate before this. I hate when people give the guys who talk about issues like this only one shot and if they screw up, they have to go boycott everything. Very hostile.

Well I support the #GamerGate hashtag and I have never harassed anyone and there have been plenty of us who haven't. The only thing we have been advocating from the beginning has been more ethical considerations in the gaming media and apologies for insulting us. I decry anyone who uses the hashtag for an agenda of harassment, doxing and threats. Unfortunately, there isn't much we can do about that because this is the internet and stopping these trolls is virtually impossible. The only thing we can do is to continue to publically denounce such actions and focus on the ethical concerns that have been brought up, continue to be brought up and hope that people eventually start listening to the real narrative.

In the mean time I have stopped using the websites as sources of my gaming news except for a couple writers who I still respect from them (Jason Schreier of Kotaku and a couple others). But I adblock them all as well as a form of protest.

I'm sure plenty of members of the KKK have not burnt any crosses on anyone's lawn. That doesn't stop anyone from judging them for choosing to opt in to self identifying and associating themselves with the KKK's agenda and antics. Advertisers interfering to censor content is about as unethical as it gets in journalism. What was Gg's first public project after rebranding from Quinnspiracy? Attempting to censor gaming media by having advertiser use their financial weight to censor content Ggers don't like. It doesn't get much more unethical than that.

It wasn't to censor content on their websites, that's ludicrous only their management have that power. It was punishment for their dishonesty and attacking their audience for no good reason.

They only thing I associate with is ethical practices in journalism. That's what gamergate is to me and several thousands of others

5 Guys became Quinnspiracy but it didn't become any more ethical than the "slut shaming" harassment campaign egged on by the allegations of an embittered X. Quinnspiracy became GamerGate but it didn't become any more ethical thanthe "slut shaming" harassment campaign egged on by the allegations of an embittered X. There's nothing remotely ethical about what Gamergate was when the name was coined. It was never ethical to begin with and that has not changed. It's first public campaign immediately after which consisted of trying to get advertisers to exercise censorship over content. As if it would be remotely ethical for advertisers to dictate the news. ZQ's embittered wanted his own personal army and whether by intent or simple mindedness, you signed yourself right up.

+Katie Daze It's the second one. He's like those dumbasses who think the state's rights shit has anything to do with state's rights.

I don't think Adam really knows what's been happening. No surprise since this has been a revolt against the media, and the media controls what people hear and see.

2:30 Anyone else recognizing something regarding the SJWs and Antigamers? Hah.

Below: Angry Gators proving Adam's point.

Anita's Irony never fails. Never.

Gators gonna Gate! I'm gonna laugh.

Don't forget about the angry gators above.

I am so damn tired of people who i previously held in high high regard just going "Listen and Believe" bassically what the three LWs and there media Cohorts are spouting, and then people like Adam Savage who should! know beter then just believing the nonsense, We are indeed against all the bad ethics those same journalists keep spouting, and all the connections they have, which arent disclosed.

"...to push their lack of fulfillment outwards." "I want to deny things to you, and you, and you, because I feel denied." Wise words. Now, apply them to people that don't like video game content and want to censor and change games to fit what - they - want.

"Why is there so much rage against women in these fields?" A question loaded from the very start. It's on her to prove there is rage against women in those fields to any meaningful extent. I see women in science as being nothing but celebrated. I'm equally disappointed in Adam who feels like he just HAS to add his say to this issue despite not really having any clue about the specifics. She asks why women in science fields are "hated" and he starts talking about unrealistic body imagery. What the fuck is going on to the world these days? Am I taking crazy pills?

I could tell that hostess was a heartless cunt from the moment I saw her hateful face (ugliness of the heart rise right up to the face, and no amount of makeup and fake smiles can hide it). I was not disappointed watching her during the interview. She has an agenda: (most, wish all) white males are scum, women and minorities are victims, and I am always right and beyond question (I am privileged but I'm really a victim (????)). Gamergate and NotYourShield are about stopping this PC (leftist) incursion on our hobby, a hobby with no borders and is more diverse than every university and hollow-wood production combined (because their 'diversity' is only about destroying Western civilization and 'breeding-out' white males). Gaming was around for gamers long before the industry became big $$$$ and everyone wanted a piece of that pie. Video games don't mean jack-fucking-shit to feminists. Girls who game don't want their bullshit as much as men don't want it (and of any color variety). Don't go away mad, just fucking go away. Of course, misery loves company so I know you won't stop trying to beat us over the head with your stupid fucking PC garbage anyways. You can't stand white men get along with women and other races just fine because your hate them for no other reason other than being born white and male. You creatures will never stop, and I will never stop hating you until the day I die.

I'm 35 seconds in and the interviewer doesn't understand GamerGate.

Just shows you how little she and he know about the subject

Oh look, more propaganda.

Something tells me that if the interviewer hadn't told Adam Savage what gamergate was, he would likely have responded with "Gamer What"

Chick loaded that question from the get-go. This interview is bullshit, and she shouldn't even have a place in journalism. #gamergate has always been, and always will be about ethics in gaming journalism. It all came down to the unearthing of the fact that Zoe Quinn used sex to get better reviews for her shitty ass Depression Quest game. It brought an up-roar about it, and exposed those involved for what really goes on behind the scenes. Of course, the tumblr feminists took that as an attack against women in general and started this humongous smear campaign against gamers (and in reality all men). They not only made it impossibly one sided with these topics by playing the victim card on something that had NOTHING to do with them. It is a gigantic case of misandry, and everyone is eating it up because they've made themselves the victim in a situation that wasn't even about women in the first place. Anita Sarkeesian somehow came into the picture (i honestly dont know where the hell she came from), and pushed it even further. She literally has NO idea about video games, and yet somehow she took the reigns of the situation and got all this air time speaking out of her ass about something she has no idea about. Name one anti-gamergate advocate who even knows what gamergate was originally about. You cant because they used a situation that didnt have anything to do with women in the first place as an excuse to commit misandry on a mainstream level. Fuck this chick, give Adam Savage a real journalist who asks unbiased questions.

It's more saddening to see someone I have respected for years succumb to idiocy.

Damn. This is just sad. I just lost all my respect to this guy. I can't believe someone who is so into the field of science doesn't do his god damn research. Feminists are the worse human beings on the planet. They don't subject themselves to reason and instead protect Zoe Quinn and Brianna Wu because they are WOMEN. They don't accept the reality that men and women who are corrupt are being attacked equally. Extremely fuckign moronic people they are that needs to be thrown into Africa and the Middle East to know what true inequality is like instead of hating on a man's shirt despite achievements. They are a hindrance to humanity and science as a whole. I rather stick with more intelligent scientists such as Richard Dawkins who understands this shit.

What a fucking wuss. This idiot host tries to paint the picture that women are such devastated victims over games. How does this bonehead respond to it? With comments about consumerism. Wtf?

as if feminist have power in the gaming industry so game gaters shut up and play you COD. what can feminist do to your half naked women in games? nothing

+Inquiring Minds +Adam Savage At 4:44 I know you were talking about corporate culture,and not about elections, but I've been trying to tell people for about 45 years now that we need the right to say no in ELECTIONS, and without that #antivote option people do exactly what you were saying.... they say yes because it's all they can say. In fact, it seems to me that the case is EVEN STRONGER in elections, since if you DO NOT say yes, somebody else can and will say yes on your behalf, and YOU HAVE NO WAY TO OPPOSE WHAT THEY SAID YES TO except to say yes to a different item on the same list!

How can smart people be so fucking stupid?

Adam is just giving personal experience of women in the work place in general. It was a loaded question leading Adam. The question mix up a few things. The question should have been just his general view on Gamergate. Kari Byron did go through a lot crap in the wild days of the internet. I think Adam give a thoughtful answer considering the question asked. It's like the common question, "Have you stop beating your wife?" I'm Pro Gamergate and #Gamergate isn't about hating women.

Nobody should even be attacking Adam to begin with because it wasn't his fault. Not blaming you but comments about him when it's clearly the interviewer's fault.

Another rich white liberal hypocrite telling us that white men are evil.

I'm confused why this discussion is about women in the gaming industry, when #GamerGate is a consumer revolt following the collusion of a high number of video game journals, all on the same denouncing "Gamers" as Dead. GamerGate stemmed from reports of Video Game Journalists having lost their ethics with respect to the readership they write for. Having said this, while there have been reports of threats (which everyone I know agrees is abhorrent), the majority of concern stems not from women entering, or working in the video game industry, but the attempt to redefine what games should be played. Video Gamers welcome girls/women to play. The video games industry welcomes girls/women to work. The trends becoming apparent are the attempts to redefine what is acceptable in games. The thought police are out to take your fun! For MANY years, it's been suggested that violence in video games translates to violence in society & this just isn't so! And now we have radical groups entering the industry asserting, "Video games promote a culture of misogyny against women" without any evidence to substantiate the claim that they're implying. An analogy I made earlier would be the redefine a First Person Shooter (FPS), so the game characters go for pony rides, then go down to the mall & look for clothes to buy... It is an absurd notion, but this is what's happening - we have groups wanting to redefine what a video game should look like, to make it into something it isn't. Look, bottom line is this; if you want to write a video game that appeals to girls/women, then write it... Everyone will rejoice! But to shame video games into submission, in order to make a fair market place, is like trying to shame Hollywood for making blockbuster movies, so independent movie makers can have broader appeal - without knowing if the audience will love or hate the independent movie.

I posted this on another video but I feel it is more relevant here so I'll repost (with some edits)... I'm supportive of GamerGate and I'm not a misogynist. In my opinion, the women who've received negative comments are the victims of their own public conduct and not misogyny, and here's why: Sarkeesian has been caught lying multiple times (see Thunderf00t) and recently blamed a school shooting on "toxic masculinity". Isn't that sexist? I'm not condoning threats against her, but maybe the negative attention she's receiving has more to do with her behaviour rather than her gender... Also, Brianna Wu implied that the recent 4chan killer's behaviour was indicative of GG supporters, even though he never mentioned the movement so far as we know. Additionally, GG discussions were moved to 8chan long before the killing because 4chan was deleting all related threads, and Brianna Wu knows this (she said so on MSNBC). In light of this, her accusations appear inconsistent and perhaps dishonest. Lastly, the negative attention directed at Samantha Allen has been used (mostly by Wu) as an example of misogyny in gaming. However, Allen wrote a lengthy Tumblr post about why she hates men; she publicly revels in her misandry. Yet I haven't seen a single news outlet bring this up when discussing the supposed misogyny in gaming. All things considered, it seems to me that these women are receiving hate because of their own sexist actions, not because of misogyny. And to be clear: I DO NOT CONDONE DEATH OR RAPE THREATS AGAINST ANYONE. However, I am skeptical of their authenticity considering the poor track record of the anti-GG supporters.

First the stealing ideas from another show, then the dropping of Imahara, Belleci and Byron, and now this. The upcoming season of Mythbusters will be the first one I haven't watched since S4, back when I didn't know the show existed.

So an assumption is made in #gamergate that is is a women hating movement. And also in tech............wait what? There proof are friends that have gone through this, but this does not entail what a majority goes through. Who are these people that hate women? It is certainly not people in #gamergate cause they care about journalist ethics and the quality of video games in general. As for the tech field, why would a man hate women who want to enter it? I mean, look up #gamergate and you'll see the different opinions within it, and the notable opinions have nothing to do with women hating. It is a simple thing to do, unless you are somehow blind to see such a truth.

Simple answer: There is not "so much rage against woman in gaming". The anger is over corruption, collusion, & censorship. We, the supporters of #GamerGate , strive to protect freedom of artistic expression. We want artists of all backgrounds to be safe and secure in knowing that they can produce the art they want without being threatened by SJW campaigns such as #TorsoGate perpetrated by none other then RPS (Rock Paper Shotgun) last year in 2013. You strive to distort our message to further your agenda, pad your wallets, & your careers. We can see you for what you are. The MSM (Mainstream media) are working with these SJW (Social Justice Warriors) to push this agenda. Does anyone have journalistic integrity anymore? Most media refuses to look further into #GamerGate ; the interviewer in this video has pretty clear intentions towards any ideals or people that may put a positive light on #GamerGate . That is biased reporting as reporters/journalists/current events writers are supposed to report the story, not distort and manipulate it. Here is more info I have compiled and verified so that others can learn what GG is really about. #GamerGate vs the SJW: A Web of Lies: http://pastebin.com/E44gWGms

"poll that says Americans think they'll get rich by winning the lottery or suing somebody." They will. Empirically. Those are things that make you rich. It sounds like a terribly worded poll.

@2:31"There's a group out there, that feels so unfulfilled, that they feel the drive to push their lack of fulfillment outwards. Right? I want to deny things to you, and you, and you, because I feel denied. That's terrible." This statement covers EVERY Special Interest Group in the world that wants something changed to the other extreme and unwilling to stop "in the middle". Think a minute... does your SIG of choice deny someone else something because you feel denied?

I thought people who were advocating for ethics would be more ethical in their treatment of the opposition... I guess I was wrong. Oh hold on... it was never about ethics to begin with!!!

Gamer gate is about journalistic integrity...this journalists biased leading questions are an example of how journalists are screwing up the gamer gate story. Hey lady, "when have you stop raping young boys?" See? How easy it is to ask a question with the bias already in it? Journalists need to be journalists instead of parrots for SJW's (social justice warriors).

My understanding of gamergate is Zoe Quinn slept with a small group of men (individually) to further herself. Nicki Minaj did exactly the same why is there no backlash there? In fact why is she the only one being blamed for this? If a student sleeps with a teacher to get a better grade do you only blame the student? No you blame the teacher for misuse of their position. If the people she had slept with had good morals they would not have done it and who's to say she's the one who made the offer?

No. That only started the covo of #Quinspiracy.. But that convo uncovered much scarier corruption that lead to mass censorship on multiple sites connected to Gawker Media. The censorship was do massive it caught the attention of non gamers like Julian Assange

+AlmostSober But isn't the thing that started this off just her sleeping with a load of men? Then those people realising they could lose their jobs would obviously try to cover it up. The fact that people who aren't gamers covered it is irrelevant would you say only a soldier could cover a military expedition?

#NAME?

Can you please fully explain the situation because I seem to have misunderstood

+Reece Swaby a good place to start is "#GamerGate in 60 seconds" and that only covers the beginning

+Puzzle Finger She fucked her way to where she is now. That's basically what Zoe Quinn did is it not?

+Reece Swaby irrelevant to GamerGate. #Quinnspiracy caused people to look into things. Those independent investigations led to a mailing list called GamesJournoPros. It showed that games journalists from "compeating" publications actually work together and when asked about it they said it was basically normal. This made #GamerGate explode when 10 articles were written on the same day saying things like "gamers are cis hetero white men" "gamers are over" "gamers are dead" "gamers don't have to be your audience" games journalists declared war... Then the mass censorship hit. Censorship so blatant Julian Assange of wikileaks had noticed and tweeted about it.

It's essentially the same thing but there's a shit storm surrounding gamer gate but no one cares about Minaj they both used sex to get success

Why are you getting stuck on zq? No one cares or should care... There is bigger shit going down. Zq isnt what gamergate is about

What is it about then? The fact people covered it up?

This is why people should leap on this shit because people like me catch wind of it and then make bad judgements with lack of information.

+Reece Swaby people prefer short sweet answers. So when people hear "its bout misogyny" they get lazy and don't dig deeper. The truth is a long confusing mess of awful that gamers and non gamers are trying to combat.

+AlmostSober I don't think it matters whether the people involved are gamers or not to be honest. But I do think it's stupid how people exploited the controversy for attention.

+Reece Swaby The first sentence isn't even true. She didn't sleep with guys to further herself. The entire premise of #gamergate is based on a lie.

+Jamin Gray she is not the premise of #GamerGate

It's not about her. She tries her best to make it about her and is making thousands of dollars off of it each month, because people will believe one woman over thousands in GamerGate. It is about the fact that the people she slept with were in the industry. One was Nathan Grayson, a reporter, who covered her game several times in articles. It is not about her. She is nobody. The issue was that a journalist violated their unwritten code of ethics. This is what started GamerGate and made people look into what was going on, but it is not what it is about. It has been about further looking into how collusion and corruption is a problem in the coverage of games in the various journalistic outlets. Some sites have been quick to upgrade their Code of Conduct, while others have flat out refused to say that they'll avoid these issues of ethics in the future. It would be really easy to do and takes about an hour to write up and post, yet they fight tooth and nail to avoid doing it. This is why GG continues to be a thing. Oh and the journalist, Nathan Grayson, who covered the game, is also credited in the game for having helped betatest it. Turned out that they were friends. No conflict of interest? Another journalist turned out to have written several times about the games of a person she was living with - often plugging them with direct links to where you could buy them.

#NAME?

There was no review, but yes. Romantic relationship and at least two positive pieces of positive press from the journalist during the relationship, he may have been a beta tester for her game and all of this was not disclosed.

I stopped watching after the first question. The first stupid question.

MYTH: Adam Savage has any idea what he's talking about. BUSTED

Not his fault.

Where are these guys you claim don't want women in science and in gaming? From my experience men like women and like being in the company of women just like women like men and like being in the company of men, this just doesn't fit my personal experience in the creative, architecture and gaming industry. I have female friends in video game development and design and I see no evidence that men are trying to push them out or even treat them differently. People are judged by their skills and character, not gender.

Fuck you Adam, sometimes you are what you loath more, ignorance.

Here come the "Ethics in Journalism Warriors" to bombard this thread.

Nah, i just think you guys are cancerous idiots.

+Rikortez Which guys and how are "we" cancerous idiots? How about forming a meaningful argument against a position..

Real inquiring minds question propaganda.

Great way to cover the topics. When the discussion is taken outside of its natural habitat #gamergate is often revealed to be what it most likely resembles.

What does this have to do with Gamergate. holy cow clickbait much.

I see a damsel in distress and her white knight.

Not his fault.

Cough* Cough* #NotYourShield

A classic, "Have you stopped beating your wife?" question. Indre Viskontas leads with the admission she's not a gamer and THEN begins the question with the assumption that GG is about misogyny, and then asks Adam why. Please, PLEASE. . . Indre DO SOME FACT CHECKING before you make yourself look like an idiot. Or include in the question you are at LEAST aware there MIGHT be other reasons for this social uproar. Every time I see a so-called "highly educated" individual make a total fool of themselves, it brings home the realization those we have always assumed to be capable of doing basic information gathering are actually totally oblivious outside of their field.

Exactly the tactics I've seen the left use on this issue are just disturbing, hypocritical and just shows the left has really lost the plot. Almost every principle of progressiveness has been thrown under the bus by people who have attacked us on this issue. From Wikipedia "Viskontas participated in a panel discussion on skepticism and the media at the 2011 Committee for Skeptical Inquiry Convention." I hope she just takes a look at what is actually out there if she actually believes in skepticism and just basic issues of integrity and honesty. Just watch oliver campbells stream eps 4 on youtube, and square the circle with what you've been reading about gamergate Mrs Viskonatas....

+Yavo Slavoj No clue what you're talking about. I'm on the left and in GamerGate like so many others. Tons of us are left-liberals. The ones causing the problems are authoritarian-leftists. Please don't conflate the two as it is rather insulting and not helping anyone. You're just confusing the outsiders and hurting GG.

+The Emo Emu I'm saying this is a corruption within the left. I like many believed ourselves to be on the left until this happened, but one day, we woke up and realized all the media was fox news, understand? Its an infection, a corruption of values, the entire sjw label is about these people being a mockery of the principles they claim to uphold. What I want is the left to return to its proclaimed ideals of actual openness, objectivity and concern for critical facts and reasoning, basically enlightenment values.

It's very simple, this paid shill Adam knows he gets his checks from the same establishment that is behind this scandal so he tows the party line. A quote from the novelist Upton Sinclair: "It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it!"

Why are you attacking g him because he didn't know about it fully?

Her question is akin to asking, "Why do liberals hate America?"

You find it hard to believe that this many people can be angry at just women? Good, because the rage is not directed at women in general. The rage is against games media and the industry in general. Some of these individuals happen to be women, yes, but they are not hated because they're women, but because they're bad people. This is a revelation for many, I know, but even women can sometimes be bad people. Just like men.

Wait, at 2:40 is he talking about SJW's?

You did a Great Job twisting the issues to fit your own agenda. Zero journalistic integrity.

No guys, no. Please, I like Adam Savage. I like this guy! What is he talking about? Please man, we don't want to deny any one. We're actually very liberal. We don't hate women. We support free ideas. Tens of thousands of people, across the planet. We want all kinds of games, we are against the corruption in journalism.

this was sooo bad on so many levels.

The only power hungry person in #GamerGate 's case is Anita Sarkeesian [and Gawker media]. Customers are just telling to those who want power in the games industry, sorry, we pay the bills and salaries, you can go picket in Saudi Arabia.

Adam, why don't you do something useful and bust the pay gab myth? I know, it has been done dozens of times before, but for once you could use your show and your fame to promote real justice and equality and bust a sexist hateful lie that is use by a sexist hateful movement to promote sexist hateful laws and policies. So do something good and bust the pay gab myth.

It isn't his fault you know? Blame the people that have him the question, not Savage.

well its mostly cus women like anita and her clic sabotaget the fine young capitalis who reisd mony to give the women who want to write games they toke the monny and run and them people like zouy quin who slep with 5 quis to get her "game" wich is more like in litly intaractive story about her depreshon and she dide with a maryd man and chetet on her bf and then the review sites desitate to defent her by insolting us and then GG was formt sorry for the bad english

Wow he took the bait. Check the dislikes, bitch. Nobody is buying this bullshit. Poor feminists. Everyone hates them. I wonder why.

Gamergate ceased to be about ethics in the gaming press the moment more attention was devoted to Zoe Quinn than the five writers she supposedly fucked combined, which is to say it was never about ethics from the beginning.

I would like to know at what point Zoe was actually relevant to this whole thing? Zoe Quinn was the Franz Ferdinand of this entire thing. What she did was the online equivalent of a National Enquirer article. It was the MASSSSSSIVE attempt to cover it all up which was what caught everyone's attention. When you delete 30,000 posts from Reddit in a single night, that's when people take notice and start to dig deeper. Why you people keep pushing Zoe Quinn back into the light is beyond me. She is, and was never, relevant to GamerGate.

+Rantandreason "Why you people keep pushing Zoe Quinn back into the light is beyond me" Just to provide some historical perspective to the whole "It's about ethics in gaming journalism" thing. "She is, and was never, relevant to GamerGate." Then I don't know why I had read so much about her from gg'ers. I'd really rather not care about an indie dev who's barely made a game.

She benefited directly from prEtruscan shady journalism, from articles promoting her game/patreon/ game jam to a lack of press and sabotage of another female project. Top it off with her slandering the discussion at every oppurtunity. Wed like to stop talking about her, can't. Media and others keep bringing her up

Such ignorance, an article was written by breitbart on this exact issue 2 months ago. The title is something like on why "journalists" keep dragging zoe quinns sex life back into the discussion. The people who are fixated on bringing that person back into the story are the games media, the very same games media who needs to hide behind such figures to derail the discussion from anything less convenient for them. These people hide behind the screams of misogyny, and the ignorant and lazy just allow this nonsense to happen. Remember Suey Park? She claimed to be so scared of colbert fans threats she had to leave her home. Now just imagine if the rest of the press couldn't stop talking about Suey Park and just wrote story after story about her assuming that she was right, and that colbert and his fans were just a bunch of misogynists. She would have never gone away. The press is creating the story they want to be told, and that is the problem, so to turn around and ask why people are talking about quinn when the only people that are are the press is ridiculous.

+wooo weee I was reading about her shit from gg'ers way before all the press started chomping on it. It was obvious that everyone was fixating on Zoe Quinn with no prompting from the press.

How much did Gawker pay to you make this post?

Oh my god nobody gives a fuck about Zoe Quinn! I'm sorry that she's a shitty person who got outed as a shitty person for doing shitty things with people who are probably just as shitty as her but I don't give a fuck. The public face of the industry I care about effectively calling me a dick and trying to shame me into buying into their bullshit ideology under the pretense of gaming is what Gamergate is about, it has jack and shit to do with attacking women. If Matt Lees could get on MSNBC to play the victim for his own personal gain there'd be far more shit slung his way, unfortunately for him that wouldn't play into the medias "narrative" and on that note let me just say that if you think you're a journalist but are concerned with narrative over facts you're not a journalist you're just a mindless parrot.

+ShredST The irony of all of this is, I have talked more about ZQ within this single thread than I have the ENTIRE TIME I've been involved in #GamerGate And again, it's not us doing the talking about her, we are saying we don't care about her and what she did, and ya'll are STILL bringing her shit up, that we keep telling you, we don't give a flying fuck about. If she slept with nobody, or 50000 donkeys, I still wouldn't care. YOU keep bringing her up, not me. Just stop.

#NAME?

Gamergate ceased to be about ethics in the gaming press Don't kid yourself, it never was.

+AlbertaGeek That's kind of what I'm saying.

#NAME?

But isn't writing positive press about someone because they slept with you a conflict of interest? Isn't that unethical?

+Andrew Olding It is. It's amazing that Nathan Grayson hasn't been reprimanded yet.

#NAME?

+Andrew Olding No, what is amazing is that some people still believe that story. The fact of the matter is that the"favorable review in exchange for sex" never actually happened. The incident is a complete fabrication. That this lie still gets propagated speaks to the lack of intellectual integrity in the "gamergate" community.

+AlbertaGeek "Favourable reviews of Quinn's games" didn't happen. Nathan never directly reviewed her game. "Positive press/exposure for Quinn, her games and her Rebel Game Jam" did happen, which is what Andrew said. Refer to http://i.imgur.com/o1z4JOY.png in future.

#NAME?

+Andrew Olding If that is not the "positive press" you're talking about, then what is so "amazing" about that Nathan fellow not being reprimanded?

We did draw attention to those guys. Did you not see the shitstorm that descended on Gawker media and made them lose about a dozen advertisers? Also Zoey Quinn did alot more than engage in simple nepotism. She tried to doxx and shut down the TFYC charity for female devs because they snubbed her, and then her friends in journalism spun the story in her favor or didn't cover it at all.

+arbitor365 " She tried to doxx and shut down the TFYC charity for female devs because they snubbed her" Exceeeeeeept this is also total bullshit, you can read it straight from TFYC themselves. http://archive.today/loNHR#selection-12.14-33.426 "The subsequent death threat I received via email was not orchestrated by Zoe. Nor was the DDOSing of our website or the banning of us from Twitter. She was simply the most famous voice in a choir of people that did not understand the project. "

She and her friends made it about her, because if we're talking about her we can't talk about the dishonest habits of many of the games journalism sites. When we stopped talking about her femfreq inserted themselves into the discussion to grab the narrative and milk it for attention and money.

+Mr.Science Saying Zoey Quinn isn't responsible for the TFYC incident is like saying Nixon wasn't responsible for watergate, because he didn't personally go down and break into the DNC headquarters. Obviously Zoey doesnt have the expertise to doxx or DDOS someone herself. But she was unashamed of her involvement in it and was proud of the outcome. but then deleted those tweets later. Which isnt suspicious at all. http://static.fjcdn.com/large/pictures/60/24/6024fb_5271447.jpg TFYC is just trying to take the high road and avoid dealing with zoey quinn from here on. And who can blame them. They never wanted all this drama to begin with.

+arcpegasus2002 >zoe made it about her No, GamerGaters made it about her before it was even called GamerGate. The #BurgersAndFries chatlog contains Zoe's first name 4778 times, whereas ethics appears only 97 times and games journalism appears all of 78 times. It also contains Kulturbolschewismus (A german word meaning "art Hitler doesn't like") 29 times, which is 29 times more than it should appear in a document.

+Khalil Sheehan-Miles Remember how ZQ (technically a former game journalist) changed her twitter handle from zoequinzel to thequinnspiracy to mimic the hashtag and centre more attention on herself? Not to mention the censorship on games websites and Reddit, which is what brought many people into GG in the first place. Also, 'he's still quoting the chat logs that were debunked almost immediately'. I don't know, point and laugh, who cares. If you got time to respond on YT, you got time for rebuild initiative.

That is retarded. Quinn, a developer, fucks 5 guys, several of whom are journalists one of which actually promoted her game. That is a breach of ethics right there, +ShredST, you fucking cretin.

+loftyz47 >Zoe made fun of the hashtag that was about her So Zoe making fun of GGers obsessing over her means it is her fault for them obsessing over her even though she didn't make fun of them until after they started to obsess over her? Never mind logic, your argument violates basic cause and effect. >chatlog was debunked [citation_needed]. And please a reputable citation, not some encyclopedia dramatica shit. If we're allowed to dredge that low, I can cite things that "prove" North Korea is a paradise. +Sargon of Akkad >this isn't about Zoe Quinn let me talk about Zoe Quinn Do you really expect people to listen to a lecture on ethics given by the man who destroyed the walls of Uruk?

Quinn hasn't been relevant to #Gamergate for half a year.

+Jacob McQuaid Gamergate hasn't been around long enough for half a year.

+Sargon of Akkad So why did more attention were devoted to Zoe Quinn than the one guy who promoted her game? It's mostly the journalist's job to make sure that there's isn't a breach of ethics.

+ShredST I think if you include shit like #BurgersAndFries from before it was called #GamerGate it almost makes it.

#NAME?

#NAME?

+Sargon of Akkad lol. You could've stopped yourself from replying, but you just couldn't resist, could you? You could've talked about Nathan Grayson and his journalistic failings, but no, you just had to focus on how Quinn fucked 5 guys, further proving my point.

+Khalil Sheehan-Miles YOU'RE the one that started this discussion and then you attempt to call out Sargon of Akkad fro addressing the issue Man you are TOO smart for words

#NAME?

#NAME?

You mean making sure the Anti Gamer Gaters weren't going to be able to just say what they wanted and not get called or challenged on it? If that's what defines idiocy in your book then you may want to rewrite the book. Last time I checked it was the Anti GG side that was engaging in censorship including deleting what 35,000 plus posts on Reddit?

+Neroke5 Of course, you people can challenge my claim all you want, though telling me stuff like how Quinn fucked five guys, or how she doxxed people, is only reinforcing my claim that you people talk about her too much. The correct way to disprove my claim is to show evidence that there's more discussion among gg'ers regarding the journalists who allegedly did favors for Quinn than Quinn herself, but we all know that ain't happening.

#NAME?

+Neroke5 I never said it was ALL about Quinn; I said that more attention was paid to Quinn than the journalists who allegedly did favors for her. It's the journalists' job to uphold journalistic integrity, therefore the blame should lie mostly on them, so why all the bullshit about Quinn? And again, a casual examination of KiA and 8chan shows that gg'ers just can't let go of Quinn.

+Neroke5 >you started this No, see, this discussion was started by that guy up at the top. I joined midway through. >it's not about Zoe anymore Then why does it keep coming back to the Literally Whos? >all the anti-GGers keep bringing them up Are you telling me the Sarkesian Effect is made by anti-GGers? >y so mean to sargon? pls no bully He's named after a historical king whose main gimmick was killing other people and taking their land. THIS IS FOR KAZALLA YOU SON OF A BITCH!

"No, see, this discussion was started by that guy up at the top. I joined midway through". Yeah he started the thread in response to someone else that brought it up...see "Then why does it keep coming back to the Literally Whos?" Because people like you REALLY REALLY want it to stay on that because if it actually goes back to the original topic AntiGG would get blown out of the water inside a week. And NO! The fact that it I brought it up doesn't mean that I want it to be about that See I'm starting to get your angle here "Are you telling me the Sarkesian Effect is made by anti-GGers?" EXPLAIN that logic to me I never said that Last post isn't relevant and not needing or deserving of an answer Incidentally having the last word doesn't mean you win.

+ShredST That would likely be because you idiots keep trying to hide behind Sarkessian, Quinn, Wu rather than actually address the issue at hand. Which is actually nepotism and journal ethics. You guys try SO HARD to deflect away from that don't you Likely because if you stayed there you'd get your asses handed to you just like Sarkessian did recently here on YouTube with the Nightline piece And as for that piece 35,000 down votes isn't a bunch of sock puppets especially given the fact the 85% of those down votes came within the first 24 hours. You can't multiple vote either by the way

+Neroke5 What are you even talking about? I don't followed any of the people or things you mentioned in this piece of incoherent rambling.

So you keep making assertions about Gamergate but don't know any of the key players So where pray tell have you been getting your information to keep posting up the assertions you've been making then? Thanks for making my case for me..troll You can now be dismissed

+Neroke5 I don't need to know about all those "key players" because they are irrelevant to the subject of this particular discussion thread, which is the amount of discussion of Zoe Quinn among gg supporters vs the amount of discussion of the journalists she fucked.

Sorry I don't read Troll

What idiocy. The gamergaters are not against women. They're against radical feminist agendas constantly being pushed into the gaming medium. These retards need to stop acting as though feminism is synonymous with equal rights and progressive ideal, because all I have seen coming from the feminist agendas against gamers is censorship of criticism and ideas.

+PlatinumGlitchMint4?pageId=111920775688123347630 "The gamergaters are not against women. They're against radical feminist agendas constantly being pushed into the gaming medium." Yes GG'ers aren't against woman, they're against woman who say things that challenge their narrow worldview. Anyone paying attention already knew that but thanks for being honest.

#NAME?

Above a certain level of complexity all games "push an agenda" whether they do so implicitly or explicitly. Given stuff like "punch Anita", MRA's have already made games, they just happen to be badly designed crap.

+MMAN2 No, all games do not push an agenda. No game does that. On the other hand, journalists can and obviously do. I'll ask you again - is it alright for radical feminism to push a narrative through misleading and shaming?

#NAME?

+MMAN2 Ever heard of #notyourshield? You must be new here.

"Ever heard of notyourshield" Yes I've heard of that thing which had people rejected with vile harassment when they questioned GG's actions. "No, all games do not push an agenda. No game does that." THIS IS WHAT GATERS ACTUALLY BELIEVE

#NAME?

+MMAN2 I'm sorry. You're either a brilliant troll or too stupid to insult.

"Giberish." Devi Ever is the most blatant example: http://ellorgast.tumblr.com/post/99422454733/gamergate-throwing-its-own-trans-supporters-under-a-bus

#NAME?

All the worst behaviors have been revealed. These new leftists are basically hypocrites of the highest order, they spit in the face of every progressive ideal that exists. From freedom of speech which they attacked when they enacted a campaign of mass suppression, banning and deleting on any site they could manage to get to, tens of thousands of comments were deleted sight unseen on reddit even, even 4chan was lost, moot apparently is brainwashed by sjw's and has a gf who works PR for gawker now. To dishonesty in journalism when they just put out article after article for 2 + months, even when they knew they were wrong they were putting out gamers is dead articles weeks after people rebutted all their nonsense from the previous rounds. All the ideals of the past or what you imagined journalists had when you watched the Newsroom, all proven mythical by these people, they didn't even try to hold by the principles. They had a secret mailing list which was exposed, where they colluded to create a narrative, thus publishing 10 gamers are dead articles in a day. They then concocted the stop the hate petition which people were supposed to think was a natural response from developers, but in fact the media created it themselves to report on. Its really disturbing behavior. Then they enacted blacklists, basically the "blockbot" which was a way of silencing all dissent even on their social media, they put the blinders on to shield their conscience. This blockbot is from the atheism plus era, when the first invasion of the sjw's occurred. Mykerumedia covers this in his videos, as does thunderf00t. Its the most insideous and anti progressive type of thing they could have created, its an enemies list they created where most anything can get you on there. Dare to disagree, or someone just doesn't like you, you go on the list of people to be blocked. Like a mccarthyite communist list this was an enemies list, a black list that people just mindlessly subscribed to in order to further conform. Just more evidence of how sheep like and cult like these peoples thinking had become. They they turned to hate mongering. All the techniques of Goebbels in action. Repeat a smear ad infinitum until it is assumed. I'm sure some black person robbed a liquor store some where in america, thus proving all black people are potential criminals, thus this justifies my prejudice against them, and this was their reasoning. And they pushed it hard. It was an endless PR campaign of articles and appearances just repeating the statements about misogyny based on no credible evidence. Attributing a random persons supposed harassment as gamergate is no better than smearing all black people as criminals because somewhere out there I'm sure one of them did a crime.... It was hate mongering 101, it was perpetuating hate and prejudice. And for people who claim to be sensitive to issues of bigotry and prejudice, it was hypocrisy on a scale which was hard to stomach. And oh the hypocrisy, on our side they point to some random people who made some ugly comments or harassment, no attributable to gamergate as one can't prove these people are even on our side to begin with. All the leading figures of gamergate have behaved in the most civil manner possible, especially considering the pressure they were under, the torrent of hate from the media, the fact that they were going against media professionals, the gamergate members kept their cool and did not act as the anti gamergaters claimed. All the while on the other side, you had hypocrisy on a massive scale. These anti gamergate people, these sjw's are guilty of projection. You had grown professional people behaving as children on the anti gamergate side, gawkers writer sam biddle called for bullying of nerds on twitter, jezebels editor did the same. People like Ben Dreyfuss of Mother Jones said horrible things on twitter, and the list just goes on and on, people like eventstatus on youtube have cataloged quite a few in his videos. You watched these adults in media with power behave far worse than anything they were pointing fingers over, it was disturbing. And so these people flooded flooded the media space with endless articles on misogyny, thus poisoning the discussion as they intended, which in turn poisoned wikipedia as they are the citation sources, which in turn poisoned the regular media outlets who either through incompetence or malice just sourced their information from these corrupt people once again. And they've been doing this for over 2 months now. This is the new corruption of the left, where they've proven that the leftist media can in fact be worse than fox news. They've proven that it wasn't the religious right or politicians who could damage freedom of speech on the internet, it was the left. They damaged it on reddit, and even 4chan fell. Its really disturbing stuff. And really its happened before at least twice already, occupy wallstreet fell to these people as they turned that movement into a witch hunt for "misogynists" and competed with themselves to see who could be the greatest victim. And in atheism conferences where they managed to go even further with claims of threats, even managing to claim assaults. Of course of the most dubious kind as again explained by mykerumedia on youtube

+MMAN2 No generally they don't. Mythic stories of super heros like batman or superman tend not to spend their time promoting the glories of jesus or how the republicans are better than the democrats or vice versa. They tend to be about higher ideals, they are about stories about fights between good and evil, not about the petty politics of the normal world. People don't play blatant propaganda on any large scale, let alone pay for it. And if tried its insulting regardless. Like showing an atheist one of those "god is not dead" movies. And feminist sjw types who believe that games affect people subconsciously are no better than jack thompson. And since they believe in this effect regardless of the actual science their motivations are misguided by default and really unethical even if it did work that way. Games don't make people violent, proven by studies, and they don't make people misogynist either. So these people are really causing trouble over nothing at all. But since they've been supported unquestioningly by the media, that is where the "agendas" really come into play The agendas are not in games, they are in journalism.That is where you can deliberately misinform people on a mass scale and actually create harm as we've seen.

"No generally they don't. Mythic stories of super heros like batman or superman tend not to spend their time promoting the glories of jesus or how the republicans are better than the democrats or vice versa. They tend to be about higher ideals, they are about stories about fights between good and evil, not about the petty politics of the normal world." Except "fights between good and evil" are about as political as you can get? "Good and evil" are heavily defined by what a culture believes in, and intrinsically express what that culture considers as positive and negative values to have. When not filtered for modern audiences, the equivalent of Superheros in older cultures (such as Mythological figures), frequently take actions so contrary to what we believe in as "heroic" now that it's practically alien to us without context.

#NAME?

"Gamers have the least narrow world view, you would know that if you were a gamer." The lack of self-awareness of the hypocrisy of this statement, holy shit.

You're off talking point; it's about not about feminists but about ethics in gaming journalism. By the way the censorship accusation is hilarious. What is GG's solution to all this? Intimidating people into silence on views that dissent from their own? Don't like what the author says? Get them fired, that will shut them up. Don't like what the publication says? Attack their advertising revenue source, that will shut them out. GG is all about censorship. It has no other demands, no other goals than the silencing of voices and opinions GGers don't like. That's really all there is to it. It's a big fat anti-free speech censorship movement.

+Katie Daze The way anti-GG attacked neutrals like Boogie and David Pakman tells me that you have this completely upside down. Neutrals are very welcomed by GG, but anti-GG Stephen Totilo tried to get Greg Tito to censor discussion on The Escapist. There is no intimidation. I have never seen anything of the sort coming from GG. It's not that GG doesn't like what the author says - it's that it's rammed down people's throats (and you get banned for questioning it) and supporters of GamerGate are being blacklisted across these sites. Now that's censorship. If an employee of a company on his official Twitter writes "Bring Back Bullying" like Sam Biddle did, of course he should be fired. So should the people that use their position of power to give favors to their friends. The fact that the publications reinstate these positions by not firing the people but outright denying what has happened, and instead keep slandering their consumer base, is what leads to advertising boycotts. All we do is write an email saying "this publication attacked your consumer base, gamers, shamelessly, please reconsider your advertising with them". That's what happens in a consumer boycott. No one in GamerGate agrees with censorship, which is exactly why it started. 35k posts on a reddit thread wiped by a friend of ZQ. Now THAT'S censhorship. Get your facts straight.

Apparently to gamergaters any woman asking not to be harassed and threatened with rape and death is a "radical feminist..." And critiquing the sexist content of games is not "censorship"; it's free speech; the expression of an opinion. Which gamergaters are trying to silence.

+ahermit where in the world did you dig up that horrible strawman? And why do you keep bringing up those same three women that have nothing to do with GG? And no, critiquing games like that isn't censorship. But when you delete and ban comments critiquing the critique it is. Why is it okay for the journalists to have an opinion, but anyone who disagrees is a horrible misogynist and needs to check their privilege before being banned and blacklisted? GG is fighting censorship. You're horribly misinformed, friend.

It's not a strawman, it's an honest observation from visiting gamergate threads and the twitter feed. And no, blocking comments on your own Youtube channel or blog is not censorship. Freedom of speech includes the right to control your own space. No one is obliged to provide a platform for people to post rape and death threats and sexist abuse. Choosing not to expose yourself to that crap is not 'radical feminism" it's common sense. GG is all about silencing anyone who dares to criticize the old boys club mentality. http://deadspin.com/the-future-of-the-culture-wars-is-here-and-its-gamerga-1646145844

You're going to have to show me some pretty good evidence that anyone in GG said that, or have threatened death and rape, friend. We're not talking blogs or YT - we're talking massive companies like Gawker owned Kotaku etc. And reddit for christs sake. You're downplaying this like a madman. Also, where did I or anyone say that makes you a radical feminist? It makes you a person. You say you read twitter feed etc but you are honestly misguided as hell. I think you're lying, to be honest. I think you read one or two articles on how GG was horrible and now you're another armchair slacktivist. gg no re

Oh yes, it's those famous anonymous "trolls" making the threats, couldn't possibly be anyone associated with GG... How fucking naive do you have to be to swallow this shit?

+ahermit I could say exactly the same about you friend. Swallowing everything the media we are fighting is feeding you. You're a valuable asset for the people that would throw you under a bus if it meant more money for them.

And stop picking and choosing what you respond to. I address all your points, I think it's only fair you try and answer mine.

+MMAN2 As much as I find the punch Anita game disturbing, you do realize it was part of a series of "beat up celebrities" games correct?

+realtsavo What difference does that make? And that's just one small example of the crap getting thrown at her and at others who dare to take a broader view of games.

+ahermit I also have to agree with Oliver, I would like you to pull up and show us the names and tweets of people in #GamerGate and #NotYourShield who have been threatening and harassing people.

Oh, you can call me Oli, Oliver sounds so... formal in English..

Hahaha! Duibuqi! Apologies Oli! Actually, you are very well spoken and rational, I am considering setting up a hangout session perhaps for next week. I might be able to get an anti-gamergate proponent on as well. She has been pretty friendly and tolerant. Any interest?

It really depends on the day, I have so much shit to do next week. We're close to having to hand in a uni assignment and I don't even know my schedule at all yet /:

"As much as I find the punch Anita game disturbing, you do realize it was part of a series of "beat up celebrities" games correct?" That proves the point though? You could make the case now, thanks to the idiots attempting to silence her giving her a bigger and bigger profile, but back then she wasn't remotely a "celebrity" to anyone except people with some sort of obsession with her.

#NAME?

#NAME?

#NAME?

+ahermit There is a difference between being critical of gaming, and flat out calling games men like as "male power fantasy" bullshit and calling gamers misogynist for enjoying their hobby. The funny thing is Anita would probably be more well liked if she wasn't so opinionated and ignorant of outside criticism.

+ahermit Anita strawmans everything in her shit videos. It's all opinion pieces under the guise of academia. It's very clear to me and many others that Anita doesn't give a shit about discussion on this issue, and instead has an agenda already in place.

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 The only strawman here is the one you're pushing. You either haven't actually watched her videos yourself, or you are allowing the poisonous misrepresentations being pushed by whiners like Thunderf00t and his little sycophants to colour your understanding of them. It's perfectly legitimate to critique the cultural content of any art form; games included. That's all Sarkeesian is doing, and she makes some legitimate observations about the kind of cultural stereotypes that find their way into many games. And even if you disagree with her observations that;s no justification for the wave of furious hateful and violent rhetoric that's been directed at her, all of which actually tends to confirm the existence of sexist attitudes in the gamer community.

+ahermit I've seen the videos, and I've seen thunderf00t's, and many other level headed people make very valid criticisms against Anita's bullshit. Anita boils down to making pretty much opinionated arguments without any valid research, statistics or otherwise to back up her statements. She demonizes a gaming medium and those who partake in it as patriarchal pigs who hate women no matter what, who want games to be "sexist" forever. He calls games like GTA sexist for allowing you to kill women even though you can do the same to men, She calls games like Hitman sexist for allowing you to kill random hookers even thought he game penalizes you for it, She calls princesses like Zelda and Peach bad role models for their damsel position without taking into account that their characters and position in the stories matter more than said position, etc. Not to mention outside of her videos she has said stupid shit like men are responsible for the majority of mass shootings and that video games are a major factor in the sexism in society. Anita doesn't seem to realize that most of her anger at these tropes isn't, or shouldn't be that they are sexist, but that they are clichd and overdone to death. Also, no one here with a fucking brain is saying that the death threats sent to Anita are justifiable at all. That being said, if Anita is so above all the criticism and simply views gamers or the majority of gamers as basement dwelling shitlords, why is she so threatened by the criticism of her. That's why we are pissed. She wants to promote bullshit straw feminist agendas in gaming by force and cowards when she gets called out on it. She hides behind the news media who ogle her as a triumphant warrior while other people like Jack Thompson who have made similar arguments (video games cause violence in youth to Anita's video games cause sexist ideals) have also gotten death threats but no one gave a shit about them.

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 Well "level headed" is not how I would describe T-foot's ranting, and you are mischaracterizing Sarkeesian's observations. She doesn't call games like Hitman or GTA sexist, she points out (quite resonably) that there are sexist elements in those games. The use of the "damsel" trope is criticized as lazy storytelling and it is precisely because their whole position in the story is little more than a "McGuffin" that reflects that laziness. She does not demonize the whole gaming community, she simply points out that these sexist elements exist and are objectionable to a pretty big part of the gaming community. It's true that men are responsible for most mass shootings, but Sarkeesian does not blame video games for causing violence; she points out that they reflect the same kind of thinking that contributes to that violence. This is nothing at all like Jack Thomson's argument. It's apparent that you're allowing T-Foot to do your thinking for you when you start repeating the same ill-informed nonsense. that he's spouting. And I dont think Sarkeesian is it all threatened by legitimate here) but she certainly is threatened by people posing addresses of her and her family online and saying they are going to kill them all. I dare say you'd feel threatened by that too. I can't understand why someone saying things you don't like about a game looks like a bigger problem to you than someone getting death and rape threats. Aren't your priorities a little screwed up here?

+ahermit It appears that we will have to agree to disagree. The funny thing is Anita probably as I might have stated in a previous comment would be much more well liked in the gaming community if she wasn't so vile towards game developers for expressing creative freedom over their work. I apologies if I made her critique sound more exaggerated than it is, but it s very clear in many of her videos that she has some beef with the gaming industry for perpetuating these clichs. Yes, the damsel trope is old and tired and of course offensive to some regard, but if you want people to stop expressing apparently offensive tropes in gaming media, then you need to have some form of discussion. Instead, Anita is more than willing to ignore criticism, no matter how valid, and what I have seen from her twitter, she even dismiss much criticism of her as nothing more that misogyny and trolling. Anita has become the damsel she hates so much, hiding behind news outlasts and white knights. I can direct you to plenty of other youtubers who make very clear and honest criticism and critique of Anita's work other than Thunderf00t. People who even supported Anita in the beginning but changed their minds once her greed and dishonesty began to seep in.

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 How is Sarkeesian being "vile" toward anyone? She ';s not the one calling people "cunts" or threatening to rape and kill them. All she is doing is expressing an opinion about some rather obvious sexist overtones in some games. You have a pretty strange definition of "vile" there... And I don't need you to direct me to any more idiotic Youtubers. I've watched Sarkeesian's videos, I've watched as much as I could stomach of Thunderfart's self-righteous posing and the demagogic "Sarkeesian effect" and a few others, and I've read a few honest critiques if her work that actually make some good points, but those last are completely drowned out by the howler monkeys who have tried to turn her into some kind of cartoon villain. As if having some success is a crime... You want to talk about greedy and dishonest look at how T-Foot is cashing in on his little hate campaign. https://storify.com/a_man_in_black/youtube-patreon-and-the-rise-of-the-professional-v Stop listening to these Youtube assholes and start thinking for yourself.

The gamergaters are not against women. They're against radical feminist agendas constantly being pushed into the gaming medium. Is that the new line of bullshit? A month ago, it was about "ethics in journalism". You lot are just bigger jokes every day.

+AlbertaGeek Who the fuck here said it wasn't still about ethics? Not me, my good man. Not only that, I never said I was a follower of gamergate. That assumption is all you.

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 I never said I was a follower of gamergate If you're not, then my apologies. But in defense of my mistaking you for one, you, in your OP, did perfectly parrot their rhetorical garbage. Hmm, maybe you're one of those MRA losers, instead. There is a lot of overlap between the two groups.

+AlbertaGeek I'm not MRA either, good sir. Generalization is a dangerous tool in argumentation. I still stand by my criticisms of radical feminist and SJW rhetoric constantly being pushed into the gaming community though. Sorry.

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 You can stand by your criticisms all you want, you just can't back them up with evidence of a standard higher than that of your average tinfoil-hat conspiracist.

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 If you're not an MRA why are you constantly parroting their talking points?

+MMAN2 No, they are not against women who challenge there views. Gamers are upset that we have been censored over and over again. We make a good point and a radical feminist will try to get us blocked, remove our comment/reply/retweet/reblog/whatever and try to silence our opinions. They take our well-thought out rebuttals to rather comparatively ignorant and generalized claims that gamers are hateful, mysogynistic people based off of a very, very small percentage of people. They took a sample of .0000001% of gamers and pretend like because of that little piece, all gamers are the same. That is just like taking a poll to see how many people have HIV, but only the only people who the poll are single, homosexual people who don't use protection. You would get a lot higher percentage than what the actual average is. To sum up my point, gamers are mad for two reasons. The radical feminist agenda took a turn on gamers for idiotic and illogical reasons and gamers are mad that they cannot even defend themselves because we are being censored. We are being censored because feminists will see any well thought out point as a threat and complain that the person is misogynistic and sexist.

#NAME?

+AlbertaGeek You haven't addressed any criticisms of mine. All you have done is call my criticism bullshit and profile me as an MRA and gamergater when I never said to be either. You can ad hominid all you want, but your argument is mute unless you've specifically addressed what your beef is with my criticism.

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 You haven't addressed any criticisms of mine. As Christopher Hitchens (IIRC) said, "That which is asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence." By that standard, I no more need "address" your criticisms than I need "address" the rantings of, say, a 9-11 conspiracist.

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 I didn't say you were a member of anything, just that you sound exactly like them. It's a legitimate question I asked you; if you aren't an MRA why are you using the same arguments they do? .

"radical feminist agendas constantly being pushed into the gaming medium"? Constantly? Feminists are constantly pushing an agenda in the gamin medium? I don't even know how to approach a statement like that. I can't think of a single time that a radical feminist agenda was pushed in the gaming medium.

#NAME?

+ahermit ... because I can? So what. I'm not aware of any of the shit the MRAs do, so you are gonna have to address what points I have parallel with theirs.

#NAME?

#NAME?

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 "Prove I'm wrong!" shouts the conspiracist. No, I think I'll let your crackpottery speak for itself. You just go on spouting what you spout from atop your little soap box on the street corner, and don't mind us hecklers. Pretend we're not here.

+AlbertaGeek I'm patiently waiting for you to best me with your superior argumentation.

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 I don't argue with conspiracists. There's an old saying about not wrestling with pigs.

#NAME?

how gamergate its about against women when gamergate have alot of women speaking against this fallacy? i just read the article in wikipedia about gamergate and totally ignore all the women that speak against the journalist in videogames. its a one-sided and pretencious writing , also doesnt say anything about the people that got doxxed for being part of GG. it acts like its totally a terrorist group or something ,its sad .

#notyourshield its pretty much used by women and minorities telling to this corrupt journalist that they dont speak for them. but in the wiki article about GG say " notyourshield its mostly sock puppets from 4chan " why? because zoe quinn said so ? ... full of shit. then what are all the women taking picture , making videos talking about how GG its not about harrassing women? oh they most be puppets or something ,right?

Gamergate is to Ethics in Games Journalism as the Berlin Wall was to keeping out Nazis. (For those who don't know, the commies claimed that the Berlin Wall was made to keep the Capitalist-Nazi-Counter Revolutionary-Bourgoise scum of West Berlin from infecting East Germany)

+Khalil Sheehan-Miles What's your point, fruitcake?

It's a basic analogy. How the hell did you get past the SATs without being able to figure this shit out? Gamergate : Ethics in Games Journalism :: Horrible Thing : Shitty Excuse For Horrible Thing

"Radical feminist agendas" [citation needed]

+FZJanimated NotYourShield is literally using any minorities among you as well as white heterosexual males on sockpuppets as a shield. it's self-parody levels of hypocrisy. Literally. NYS, is a shield... let that sink in. You use perceived minority voices to deflect criticism.

+David Alexander This is something that comes up again and again. Insisting on looking at a hashtag as some amorphous blob, ignoring the agency of the individual. No-one's 'using' #NotYourShield for anything. The whole point of the hashtags is that everyone who uses them made a CHOICE to stand up and disagree. They're not puppets, or a gang, or an army. If you deny that, then you deny the choice and strength of several hundred people at least, each of whom are at least as intelligent as you, and perhaps braver than either of us.

+smartalec2001 >no-one is using it for anything Yes they are. When I use the hashtag #gamergaterscansuckmytaint I am using that to say that I do not like GGers very much. When GGers use #notyourshield , they are using to deflect criticism of GG being racist or anti-feminist. After all, some of gamergate's best friends are black people. What I find funny is that the people who use #notyourshield seem to be convinced that women can't be anti-feminist. Apparently Phyllis Schlafly doesn't exist then. >inb4 we have CHC She works at a conservative think tank that is to feminism what the Creation Science Institute is to actual science. >they're not an army Fine then. They're a mob. >inb4 wahh mob is a mean word What is a bunch of people using a hashtag if not a group of people? And what word means "a group of people"? Oh, right. >braver than either of us What, for using a hashtag? They're exactly as brave as us, which is another way of saying they aren't brave at all.

+smartalec2001 Naaaaaaaah, I've uncovered whites pretending to be black using NYS, men pretending to be women. It is gross beyond words. But GjoniGobblers and lying go hand in hand, so keep it up friend.

+Khalil Sheehan-Miles Anyone who puts a picture of themselves online is taking a risk, and several of them have paid for it, including the hashtag's originator. The idea of people being targeted like that - anyone - turns my stomach, and it should yours too.

+brangwin More of the same that always comes. Aspersions, dismissals, callousness. You're my brother/sister in humanity, friend, but I have to tell you, you're the hater here.

+smartalec2001 >doxxing Don't you know? Whenever any doxing is done by <your_side> it is because that side is morally bankrupt, whereas any doxxing that appears to come from <my_side> is just the fault of the GNAA or somesuch. Seriously though, I see this argument every time doxxing by gamergate comes up, so I see no reason to not turn it back on you fucks. >including the hashtag's originator [citation_needed] >No John. You are the hate group. Than why do you guys have the MRAs on your side?

+Khalil Sheehan-Miles Your side, my side... can't you hear yourself? Forget labels. Forget sides. Think of the individual. When you take one person and attribute their actions to a whole group - a hashtag, no less - you give that person power, and take it away from the group. I want to accuse the individual responsible. I'm not accusing any 'side'. Nor should you.

+smartalec2001 Ahaha, that's rich. When your group is under criticism and GG's hypocrisy starts showing, pull the ol' "Uh... there's no sides, what are you talking about?" You don't understand how movements work. You have to accept accountability for what you support.

+smartalec2001 >forget labels Then why do you keep using them? #GamerGate is a label, and you guys keep sticking it on yourself. >inb4 I haven't said that I'm a gator If it looks like a duck and it quacks like a duck, it's probably a waterfowl of some kind. >don't attribute one person's actions to a group Why is it inappropriate to attribute actions committed in the name of a group to that group? Would you complain if I attributed crimes committed by The Order to fans of The Turner Diaries as a whole?

What is a radical feminist agenda to you? All I see in places like /gamergate/ and KIA is bitching about games that decide to have a non-white male protagonist. Oh god no muh vidya gaimz have to appeal to the same demographic for time eternal. Anything else is radical agenda!

+David Alexander I accept accountability, though we were talking about NotYourShield. I accept it and try to help mitigate the worst of what's going on when I can, having only gotten involved a few weeks ago. But that doesn't explain the willingness of others to judge everyone as if they were one person. What do you support that you are accountable for, may I ask?

+Mr.Science I would put forth the theory - just the theory - that the 'Gamer identity' had become a lot more inclusive and diverse, and the industry and press were so out of touch as to have failed to notice. It's all backwards; the insistence that we see repeated is that games have to be changed in order to change gamers, when gamers had already changed. And although I can't speak for everyone, I think that approach is just too cynical and condescending to work. "Defective social science", to quote an article.

+smartalec2001 >gamers had already changed Yes and no. The idea of "oh no the S-Jews are going to steal my games" didn't originate with Gamergate. This fetid slop has been bubbling around the chans for a while now, occasionally fueled by sockpuppets from /pol/. However yes, the gamer demographic has changed. That was kinda what the "gamers are dead. long live gamers" articles were supposed to be saying. They said it in a terrible way, but that is neither here nor there.

+smartalec2001 I agree it has become more inclusive, the problem is that GG is a reaction to that. You only have to look at the negative perception of games like Dragon Age for its inclusion of optional plot development related to a transgender character, for example, which was almost universally negative in communities like 4/8chan and KIA.

#NAME?

+Mr.Science No it is not. It is a reaction to pseudo-feminist agendas and overt political correctness attempting to trump video games a majority of games people leisurely play as well as an attack on the gamer identity. Also FYI: 4 and 8 chan do not speak for gamergate. No one speaks for gamergate as a whole. It is a leaderless consumer revolt movement against the very people I have stated prior.

+Mr.Science I can understand how it might seem. I can only hope that people stand back a moment from the barrage of opinions and words coming from all directions, and that what's actually happened can speak for itself. It isn't BioWare's advertisers or publishers that have been contacted, it's been Gawker Media's. Disclosure and ethics policies changes on websites have been hailed as good signs. By contrast, in those forums you mention, there's only ever intermittent grumbling at most at BioWare's recent work, and the attention that grumbling gets is not what you'd call universal. I believe it is less of a reaction to such changes than you might think.

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 >some of my best friends are feminist Then why is everything divided on standard partisan lines, with feminists being anti-GG and MRAs and PUAs being pro-GG? >inb4 but we have based mom based mom : feminism :: creation scientists : actual science >4chan and 8chan don't speak for gg Certainly not 4chan at any rate. I had an irl friend who cried and told me /pol/ was kill. I laughed in his face and told him it was the best news I had heard all day. >no one speaks for gamergate as a whole Yes, which is one of the reasons you are called a mob. Indeed, just like a lynch mob, despite your complete lack of leaders, you still manage to lynch people. >gg is nice and law abiding, the lynching was just the GNAA This is just a flat out lie. David Curtiss Stephenson's claims to being a law abiding man were more believable than this.

+Khalil Sheehan-Miles Alright buddy, 1. I never said I had feminist friends nor do I hear any pro GGers claiming to have any to soften the criticism against the anti GGers. Nor did I say I hate feminists as a whole, only the third wave first-world-problemers who bitch about stuff no one cares about. 2. Just because Christine "Based Mom" Sommers doesn't subscribe with your line of feminisms doesn't mean she isn't a feminist. You do realize that much like specific religions, feminism comes in many forms and agendas. Just because she criticizes the loons on one types doesn't make her an anti feminist. Stating otherwise proves you to be close-minded. 3. I probably should have elaborated about the leaderless bit. Yes, we don't have a leader or leaders, but we do have voices from all over the web. Just because a voice such as 8 chan doesn't speak for the whole movement doesn't mean their voice isn't non credible. 4. I am really starting to wonder what makes GG a lynch mob. Because some femanazis like Anita and Zoe got trolled prior and during GG introduction? If they are so victimized, how did they obtain all this support by the corrupt news media that we were criticizing in the fucking first place. Where was all of Jack Thompsons support? I can link you to hundreds of instances of anti-GGer's bullshit, such as censoring criticism, banning pro-GGers from forums and websites, doxxings, the 4 chan exodus debacle, the great Wikipedia GGer ban, the mass deletion of legit critical comments on the ABC Nightline video, the craziness of John McIntosh's twitter, the shirtgate debacle where femanists bullied Dr. Matt Taylor over a fucking shirt, etc etc ETC. Knowing that so many crazy assholes who were disliked before GG are now anti GGers such as Phil Fish, Darksydephil, Chris-chan, Movie Bob, Arthur Chu and many other morons just fuels the GG position further.

"Anti-GG" is not a thing holy shit you are DUMB. It is literally GG, and others tired of GG's harassment and those benefiting by-proxy of the harassment. "In short: you dont get to agitate and intimidate [...] and then when someone acts on it, dismiss them as lone wolves. You cant claim to be a force for good when most of whats been done? in your name is bad. " Notch is "anti-GG" by your standards. Joss Whedon too. But you'll fail to mention those two, won't you? Stop cherry picking and then maybe someone will actually take you seriously. Have some more evidence you won't read to keep your delusions safe for the road: University of Oxford: Practical Ethics and why Gamergate is a sham: http://blog.practicalethics.ox.ac.uk/2014/12/limiting-the-damage-from-cultures-in-collision/ Cernovich: mocking rape victims and mental illness https://archive.today/9knTC Cernovich: demonstrating what libel is by committing it https://archive.today/8tJCK https://archive.today/qWUKS Twitter: GG trying to push someone to suicide https://archive.today/9IRSp Twitter: same GGer freely admits they love harassing, other GGers chime in saying they enjoy watching it https://archive.today/odpHA Chobitcoin Storify: https://storify.com/Tolvo/chobitcoin-harassing-a-suicidal-woman KiA: anti-semitism, far right conspiracy theories https://archive.today/Ra8Ul 8chan: doxxing is a-ok https://archive.today/HgFQQ Storify: Gamergate attacks a charity. Again. https://storify.com/QHStone/gamergate-lashes-out-at KiA: Tries to blame Randi - conspiracy theories. https://archive.today/BB0yi KiA: using MRA terms and anti-semitism. Heavily upvoted by Gators. https://archive.today/eeSm8 8chan: conspiracy theories https://archive.today/HW7EE Ghazi: breakdown of cringy shit GG has done recently https://archive.today/I1YTL https://archive.today/b51py Twitter: It's about upholding male dominance! https://archive.today/xfWhY Showcasing GG harassment with their own tweets: https://storify.com/a_man_in_black/gamergate-harassment?awesm=sfy.co_tsbU&utm_source=t.co&utm_medium=sfy.co-twitter&utm_content=storify-pingback&utm_campaign= /gamergate/ defends doxx, racist comments https://archive.today/sqyOH Twitter: Gaming the system for harassment https://archive.today/ldpDU "All gamers support Gamergate!" https://archive.today/ilZbA KiA being hypocritical, considers posting the email address used by a harasser a "dox" https://archive.today/ijz6q GG Harassment Patrol is just a front: https://storify.com/alexlifschitz/the-gg-anti-harassment-super-troopers Rogue didn't harass anyone! ...Except he was a serial harasser. https://archive.today/jthfG KiA advocating some really shady activity: https://archive.today/ojWkW KiA: 90% of this mess. GGers rooting on others in doing unethical and at times destructive things while saying, "just don't put my name on it," https://archive.today/4UoPa KiA: transphobia http://np.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/2pcmq5/im_writing_a_book_about_gamergate_milo/cmvgm4d Ghazi: a very good dissection of GG https://archive.today/72TP2 KiA: trusts, but never verifies https://archive.today/NdNGX

+brangwin How can you be so knowledgeable of the trolling by GamerGaters and yet so fucking ignorant of the trolling anti GamerGaters have done to the movement. The issue is that the gamergate movement is silenced in all fronts of the discussion, such as news outlets only focusing on one side, while the other is mocked and bullied. I don't care if you view the movement as flawed, evil or whatever, but what I do find annoying is that people like you are completely oblivious to the legit voice and critique coming out of people in the movement, as well as the obvious yellow journalistic opinion pieces being strung in the news to twist the narrative away from the movements original goal. The people against Gamergate do not want to debate about any of the topics brought up from what I've seen. Instead they want to silence the movement as all misogynist cis white male shitlord-sockpuppet-whatever-the-fucks in order to direct legitimacy to their victimhood through the trolling they have received, and as a result gain protecting from the media outlets. If they hold their views on political correctness and feminist theory to be the ultimate good or whatever, why are they so afraid to have it challenged. Nonetheless, neutrality is key here. Seeing as the media has done everything in its power to direct the focus for one side and against the other, and focus on the harassments of people who clearly have been using said harassment to further their agenda as well get more attention, all that this has proven is that the media sure as hell will go a long way to direct people away from criticism of themselves. Also, looking through most of your links, I can only direct you to my statement on how no one is the voice for the whole movement. It doesn't excuse the bullshit many on the pro GG side can and have said, but it doesn't distract from the movements goals and achievements, nor make the anti side as the legitimist. Leaderlessness may be GGs biggest flaw, but it is also its greatest weapon, to a degree. PS: I'm not a GGer, only a spectator ;)

#NAME?

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 >antiGGers do trolling too blah blah unrelated blah individual blah stock response blah >GG has some valid critique I have paid attention to the critique coming out of GG. It is idiotic, to put it mildly. Claim 1: SJWs in gaming journalism can ruin games hahano. Controversy surrounding something like GTA or Hatred can actually increase sales. Claim 2: game reviews should be objective Reviews are inherently subjective. Critique is inherently subjective. >Claim 2.a: keep your politics out of game reviews Like it or not, games are art, and politics is often a useful point from which to critique art. You wouldn't expect someone to talk about Robocop (the original one that is, the new one had different political subtext) without bringing up Ronald Reagan, and likewise it is patently absurd to expect someone to talk about Bioshock without bringing up objectivism. >Claim 2.b: At least keep your personal views on politics out of game reviews Why? If the political views expressed by a game harm my enjoyment of that game, than I see no reason why I should not be allowed to state as such in a review. For example, look no further than Ethnic Cleansing, a game about exactly what it says on the tin. While it is technically flawed (to put it mildly), the shitty models and unfun gameplay are dwarfed by the fact that the game is quite literally Nazi propaganda, and I feel the fact that the game's politics quite literally disgust me is far more important than how many polygons the weapon models have. >Claim 2.c: Your opinions on politics are subjective! Your readers might not share it! So what? My opinions on video games are subjective too. I think Human Revolution is both a better shooter and a better RPG than the original Deus Ex. I think that Baldur's Gate is overrated and Icewind Dale is quite possibly the worst game I've played since ET for the Atari 2600. You don't share my opinions? Than go read reviews written by someone whose opinions you do share. >all news media other than brietbart are biased against gg Or perhaps GG and its supporters are biased. >I'm only a spectator If it looks like a Bircher and it rants like a Bircher, than it's probably plotting to nuke the Soviet Union in response to what it believes to be water fluoridation induced erectile dysfunction.

+Khalil Sheehan-Miles How is the critique idiotic. I have no problem with games being considered art, but there is a subset who believes that games must always be presented in an artistic way. Video games are entertainment first and foremost. they wouldn't be games otherwise. I'm fine with people creating games that present deep stories and clever narrative, as well and presenting to the player a rich world with clear themes and hold deep meaning. The thing is, I'm actually relatively neutral on this point. I think that "dumb" entertainment games such as CoD or GTA have a place in the medium, as well as the art games like Gone Home. I mean, I don't think as a game Gone Home has much to offer and is nothing but a "walking simulator", but on the other hand I think The Stanley Parable is brilliant, and it isn't much different. It's all about context, my friend. It's a free market after all. I think everyone should be allowed to make whatever game they want in reasonable grounds, whether it abides to a persons specific viewpoint or not.

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 >how is it idiotic Because it requests for something subjective to be viewed in an objective manner. Unless you're one of Discworld's Auditors, that's going to be basically impossible. >why do they always have to be seen as art Because if games are art, then they have to be seen as art. >vidya is entertainment Movies are entertainment too, and they are usually looked at through an artistic lens. >what about dumb shooty games They make statements too, in their own way. Usually the statement is just "America a best, terrorists a shit," and only exists because the game's plot was constructed entirely out of cliches, but it's definitely there. >Stanley Parable a best Yes, yes it is. >people should be allowed to make whatever games they want Sure. I also dislike censorship. That's one thing I very much dislike about the GGers I usually talk to: they think critiquing something and trying to censor that thing are the same. Saying "I don't like x," "I think x is offensive," or the occasional "I think x could offend someone" is not the same as saying "I think people should not be allowed to sell x." Furthermore, "I dislike or am offended by y element in x" is often confused with "I dislike x," even though the two are very different. I think the way Metro: Last Light handled Anya was both badly written and sexist, but I will definitely recommend that game to anyone looking for a first person shooter about Russian hobos. Likewise, I think Planescape Torment's combat is slightly less fun than being crucified, and that its use of fanservice is both juvenile and nonsensical (as a venn diagram of people who are willing to buy a game based solely on the fact it contains tits and people who will enjoy Planescape Torment consists of two circles that do not intersect at any point), but I consider it to be the best game I have ever played.

+Khalil Sheehan-Miles You don't seem to be understanding what I am saying. Why can't people have games that are viewed to be art, and games that are entertainment? Besides, if art is subjective, than who are you to dictate what is art or not? I'm sure there are people out there who view Call of Duty as art, and you have every right to disagree, but does your disagreement not make it art? This argument is one of the reasons why Gone Home was so critically panned by audiences. on one hand, it has a fairly well rounded narrative. On the other however, it is completely devoid of any gameplay other that walking and picking up objects, lacks replay value and is incredibly short in length, not to mention it cost more than 10 bucks on Steam. Art can be art, but if it lacks entertainment value on a gameplay level, it won't sell or shit.

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 Counter me with evidence and we'll talk. TRUST BUT VERIFY RIGHT. Give me the evidence. Hell, I have one instance of someone being a shitheel to a GGer, but they're abusive in general and disowned publicly and quickly. Much unlike GGs e-celebs. You ARE a Gator. And just in case anyone has an inkling of taking you seriously, here's an archive of you saying "Fuck Islam. Fuck feminism. Fuck SJWs." and "Dan Olsen and other anti-gamergaters are nothing but liars and cheats who are perfectly willing to accuse people of crimes without evidence just to make their bullshit agendas clear and correct. This pathetic censor-happy lot should be called out as the charlatans they really are." SORRY DAN OLSEN EXPOSED YOUR CP HOT BED, GATOR. "What idiocy. The gamergaters are not against women." Do you want my 100+ links proving otherwise, friend. https://archive.today/9XQPN

And yet we get done what we want..........maybe we are right?

+Neroke5 No, NotYourShield is being used as a shield. look at this EXACT THREAD. Here's a recap so you don't have to scroll: +MMAN2 made this valid claim: "Yes GG'ers aren't against woman, they're against woman who say things that challenge their narrow worldview. Anyone paying attention already knew that but thanks for being honest." to which +John Smith replied: "Ever heard of #notyourshield? You must be new here." ----- SHIELD. NotYourShield is simply used exactly like this, a shield to deflect criticism. +MMAN2 didn't even say GG was against all women, but NotYourShield was brought up anyway as a shield. You can thank me for proving your wrong now. So here you are, the only ones using minority voices and sockpuppets as a shield to say "I'm not a cis het white male and I support this message" it's why you tag them all over GG so you can deflect criticism.

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 >some games are not art It's still art, and I see no reason that critics should not be allowed to see it as such. Besides, as I said, even if you just review it as entertainment, your review will still be subjective, because entertainment is in and of itself subjective.

#NAME?

#NAME?

Sorry i am not interested in talking to you

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 Good for you on stepping away from the party line for a bit then. I'm used to seeing gators throwing tantrums over a game loosing half a point because the reviewer didn't like the artistic statement, and then claiming that a review looking at something through an artistic lens is somehow "corruption".

+David Alexander NOT White you simply assumed that and apparently you missed that show on Huffington post FULL of women and minorities that support gamergate explaining this And OH by the way 28000 dislikes on Anita Sarkessians 20/20 Appearance?...That's an awful lot of sock puppets Nice try though...Damn that fact checking

+Khalil Sheehan-Miles I'm just trying to find some middle ground here on this point is all. Good that we are at least seeing each others positions to some extent.

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 I actually care quite a bit about ethics in games journalism, which is why GamerGate made me so unhappy, because now I can't even talk about things that actually relate to ethics in games journalism without sounding like a douche whining about how bayoneta 2 lost half a point on a single review.

+Khalil Sheehan-Miles This is sadly the response to things when it comes to ethics in game journalism thanks to Gamergate and the fact Eron knowingly used this smokescreen to try and avoid criticism. Now everything's set back by years.

#NAME?

+Neroke5 ahha, going around full circle! You can't resist using minorities as your shield. "B...but look at all these women! We're not sexist, see?" And no, the fact that GG bundles every minority face within their ranks into a group and encourages them to make appearances does not mean that GG is actually full of minority voices. You make clear that NYS is literally GG's minority zone where all supporters that aren't heterosexual white men are told to go and show their faces. (And sockpuppets, don't forget the majority of NYS support) GG is desperate for shields because way too many of their NYS supporters have been found out to be socks with stock photos. Also yes, 20k+ dislikes is about the number of GG supporters so it makes perfect sense that GG brigaded the video. Nice try, though. damn that actual fact checking!

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 It's a conversation that needed to happen. The hateful and dishonest rhetoric that drives the antifeminist movement needed to be under a spotlight and GG is that spotlight. We find though GamerGate that antifeminists are dishonest hypocrites and liars. When GG is over, more people will have to understand the necessity of feminist critique and the difference between feminism and conservatism. The fact that GGers widely considered Jack Thompson better than Anita Sarkeesian was the straw that broke the camel's back. A lot of GGers realized that the movement is just a bunch of filthy and dishonest anti-SJW propagandists who'd rather have games outlawed than critiqued by a feminist.

+David Alexander I'm not sure if you are trolling or not. Nobody could be that stupid.

+David Alexander Actually I'm with John Smith in order for your sock puppet excuse to work literally every GGer would've had to be standing by waiting to down vote the video the moment it came out. That would me that there would have to be a massive patriarchal conspiracy to move on Anita Go ahead try to prove THAT level of cooperation Second you still ignored that interview that Huffington Post had WITH minority women that support Gamergate! Last if this was such a massive concern there would've been a mass campaign to up vote the 20/20 YouTube entry which hasn't happend So yeah you're either Trolling or you really are that stupid my vote is on stupid personally

+Neroke5 No, you're just deliberately dishonest. 20k is around the normal sockpuppet activity from GG http://imgur.com/obWDqIc There is no massive campaign to upvote the video because GG are the manipulators here. Those actively against GG aren't so dishonest. Secondly, you're lying. I didn't ignore that at all. I specifically stated that you're using the women as a shield. You're trying to say GG isn't sexist because huff po interviewed female suppoersers of GG. That is the definition of using minorities as a shield. You can't argue without bringing it up. +John Smith brought it up immediately to deflect criticism.

+Neroke5 Also, you're lying again: Why would they have to be waiting there to immediately downvote the video? Do you have knowledge that the video was downvoted immediately as it was put up? It's highly suspicious. It's been out for some time now, enough for any organized effort to gradually accumulate votes. Why are you lying?

The votes I saw were accumulated within 48 hours of the video being put up. I also never said that it got down voted immediately. Don't have to lie about something that I saw with my own eyes Also you cherry picked and didn't address the fact that she barely had over 1000 up votes last time I checked You know you're striking me as a guy that wants to be right SO BADLY that you'll keep arguing even after you've beaten yourself. You CLAIMED that there were sock puppets YOU cannot sock puppet that many down votes and in order for your ahem..."Theory" to work 28,000 people would've had to have been standing by for that purpose So you've just gone and beaten yourself but please do keep posting up though. The more you do the stupider you make the Anti GG look. Not that they need much help in that area in the first place

The votes are not consistent with her usual viewership. 20k or so votes is consistent with a brigade and GG is known for vote brigading. Claiming it impossible is dishonest. On top of that, those actively opposed to GG didn't like the video very much to counter GG's vote brigading. Nor does anyone want to play games with GG manipulators. You're the one looking like a fool.

Yep you're an idiot...I have no more time for idiots.

>No Anon. You are the bakas. Isn't shitslinging fun!

#NAME?

#NAME?

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 A movement for minorities that doesn't cater to the majority. How vile. You're right, what a disturbing concept.

+David Alexander If it is in support of equality, it is suppose to have everyone's interest in mind, in the hopes of finding common ground. Seeing a majority as a villain rather than an obstacle that can be swayed is a very dangerous ideology.

You are arguing with a mountain of evidence at this point. KotakuInAction on reddit is literally 30 times bigger than its anti gamergate cousin gamerghazi. This is the way it is across the board. Every anti gamergate hashtag has failed in a day, those people don't have popular support. When hatred was on steam greenlight, it was 105k for, 16k against, with no publicity at that point because the sjw press had buried the story, in fac t they buried the win. Just search google news for "hatred greenlit" and see the missing publications...votes on things like the ABC Nightline piece and the rest spell out the true picture, comments like total biscuits had 4k votes and was deleted, as were the women who were removed as well, and the video is 30 downvotes now. This is why Anita and co have to constantly bar comments and ratings, they need to stop people from seeing just how unpopular they are. Its only through the corruption of media, not just games but in general that she is allowed to continue to spread her lies, as with the rest of these sjw types. They are fundamentally dishonest people who do not care about knowledge from reason and evidence which Adam is supposed to stand for, and that is why people people are so pissed off. This hasn't lasted for 5 months over some insultingly childish reasons, your ilk just keep insulting everyones intelligence and its getting really old.

The nice thing the real nice thing about that Nightline piece was that it was the first major mistake that Anita made and it exposed how weak they actually are in 2 ways 1. Anita Sarkessian doesn't have anywhere near the popular support she thought she did. Despite almost universal support from the mainline media and now a lot of spare cash 2. The fact that Anita doesn't have popular support like she thought she had means that anytime she steps out of the echo chamber she's going to get creamed. And the nice thing is that in order to win she HAS TO step out of the echo chamber I do have to point out that she does have a deep source of money from Intel that though only helps her and the AntiGGers to a limited extent. They don't have the numbers so in order to balance this out she'll have to bring in hired guns to bolster her support. Thing is that Sam Biddle already tried this a couple of months back and it didn't work then either and it didn't work because (and excuse the lists again 1. These hired guns don't have an emotional investment in the issue 2. They don't know the issue well at all and are easy to spot 3. They're going up against people that have been battle hardened by constant fights on 8chan, Twitter, YouTube, Facebook etc. Some of whom have been doing this via the MRM for a couple of years now. 4. Intel will DEMAND a return on their investment. So as badly as she got licked she HAS to come out and do it all again soon. This is far from over but be on the lookout for decoys and sock puppets from AntiGG and expect a lot more hackings. But the Nightline piece was a HUGE win for GamerGate. There were people ready to throw in the towel when Anita got all that money from Intel. Brianna Wu was even so arrogant as to declare victory, Feminists came out and openly wrote hit pieces that were not even remotely honest. But well we all know how that went Ultimately though we made Anita cry finally, she cannot win unless she controls all the factors and she cannot win unless she lets go. So in effect she's screwed herself over

+Neroke5 LMAO no. KiA: Brigading 101. https://archive.today/OEaDu

+brangwin LMAO...Yes *90% of those downvotes came in the first 24 hours. I know this because I saw it happen therefore that post in invalid also... One or two people on KIA hub doesn't constitute a conspiracy. If that was the case then the same accusation can be thrown at you about the Whole "Gamers are Dead" fiasco last fall. Yet another failed attempt by your side to try to recapture the debate that failed 1. Start with some facts here 32,695 Dislikes 1,144 Likes You cannot even sock puppet those numbers away. So yes absolutely she got owned just like your willful ignorance and deflections from addressing other points brought to you isn't going unnoticed either Conclusion she stepped out of the echo chamber and got OWNED. Go ahead champ prove that wrong. And the moment she steps out into a space that she can't completely control she will get owned again. No amount of denial from you will change that and again prove me wrong Sam Biddle did try bring in hired guns a couple months back got caught and it had next to no impact on what happened. In spite of yet another campaign by the AntiGG that was curiously timed to happen right after Brianna Wu declared that she got threatened. 1144 Likes proves you don't have the numbers because if they did they would've gone over by now and attempted to rectify the balance. Even with brigading and sock puppets there's nothing stopping you from going over and doing the exact same thing and it hasn't happened Now if that doesn't say you don't have the numbers I don't know what will so nice try. As for the second part... Hired guns are just not as committed proven historical fact that is. So yeah you can try to dismiss this all you want but WE WON there period. She squawked and has tried to play victim again but got caught. You can stay delusional and willfully ignorant as much as you like. You chose to come out of the echo chamber and try your luck and like every other AntiGG on here you're getting your ass handed to you

+Neroke5 Exactly, feminists are renowned for their ability to brigade, they go after people all over the internet, facebook, twitter, youtube, countless anti feminist or gamergate accounts on those sites, even atheists thanks to feminists attacking that as well have been false flagged into being suspended by these people. Countless mgtow and mra channels esp are on their second or third incarnation because they had to abandon their originals thanks to enough false flags and youtube not really caring to judge anything fairly. But getting a hundred angry zealots to flag someone into suspension is relatively easy compared to being able to show up en masse like gamergate does. +Semfry Seems I never got around to your post. Superheros do deal with higher ideals. Superman doesn't fight for the democrats against the republicans after all. Sure in the past heros fought for kings instead of democracy, but the higher ideal of some kind of justice tended to be what's popular. I'd like you to show me where in history was there some kind of rampant hero worship of mythical figures who oppressed and hated women, it never existed. Basically all societies were gynocentric in nature, they expressed it in different ways but in the end the protection of women is a universal theme.

[citation needed] I gave you evidence, where's yours? REALZ, NOT FEELZ BRO. Verify that shit! https://archive.today/OEaDu 8chan brigading and forging signatures on the Adam Baldwin petition: http://imgur.com/obWDqIc Also, MRAs are a confirmed hate group: http://www.splcenter.org/get-informed/intelligence-report/browse-all-issues/2012/spring/misogyny-the-sites Paul Elam loves to embezzle, said he'd vote for rapists on a jury regardless of evidence. http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Paul_Elam KiA: "AVFM IS LESS EXTREME THAN THE MOST MILD FEMINIST WEBSITES." WOOOOW. You know you're talking about Paul Elam, right?? https://archive.today/vWCMa PAUL ELAM. Embezzling, "Bash a Violent Bitch Month", rape apologist. http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Paul_Elam KiA: Let's not forget 'being an MRA' includes supporting that. https://imgur.com/YelwKAE MRA site trying to take advantage of GG https://archive.today/zFqFS GG reddit breakdown - has more in common with MRAs than anything else: http://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditAnalysis/comments/2hxc9b/rkotakuinaction_drilldown_september_2014/

+brangwin You can't be serious right? Citation needed? Are you really so ignorant that you believe you can downvote a video on youtube multiple times? I mean seriously, trust but verify flew over your head in an extreme way if you go through the trouble of using archive today but you don't know the basics of youtube which has been the same since many many years ago. So I'm guessing someone else fed you those links. I've heard a lot of stupid things in my time, but someone believing you can vote on a youtube video over and over is a mind bender. I'm not sure why you care about 8chan and adam baldwin, if you think that the petition against baldwin was based on just ausi voters I have a bridge to sell you. Sjw petitions to remove GTA V from target and the rest were heavily signed by sock puppets and foreigners. This is just standard for internet petitions. The more I look at your post the more obvious you are taking stuff from other people. The splc is a joke at this point, they label anyone anti feminist or anti liberal as a hate group, they no longer have legitimacy at this point and are only cited by people who have no scruples. Rational wiki was lost to sjw's and feminists long ago, its part of that "atheism plus" movement aka atheism plus feminism. And we all know how feminism goes so well with skepticism cough 1 in 5 cough ... no one who values actual critical thought or objective reason has considered "rational wiki" a credible source for a long time now, its entire name is fraudulent at this point. Your presumptions about mra's are baseless, so the rest of what you say is built on a foundation that doesn't exist. Explain what's wrong with what Karen Straughan says in reality, go watch a video and then explain why she would be in a hate group. The only actual hate group here is feminism. When a group spends its time spreading misinformation to create prejudice, its a hate group. No different than if a white skin head group went around just throwing out a 1 in 4 black men rape women stat, no matter what counter evidence was thrown in their face, their motivations for creating prejudice would be clear. And that is exactly what feminists do, but they target all men. So hate group? Feminism fits at this point, its just an ugly fact of modern reality. The mra's? Go watch some videos from studio brule, bane666au, razorbladekandy, and even paul elams channel, and explain the "hate". You won't be able to because outside the strawmen caricature feminists and the media put out there, they are actually just rational people with rational criticisms and demands.

+Yavo Slavoj Good post Yavo Might be taking logic where it's never gone before though with brangwin

+brangwin Really...Seriously you posted up the SAME comment like it's fact. I already dismissed that one Forging signatures on the Adam Baldwin petition never mind the fact that there was another petition out there trying to stop Adam Baldwin from going to that convention simply for having an opinion MRA's are a confirmed hate group? First the SPLC has lost all too much of it's legitimacy. It's no longer considered a trusted source of information by the FBI anymore. Not to mention that the person who wrote that piece went to the MRA convention in Detroit last year then wrote another hit piece that was so bad that nobody even bothered to defend it and could be dismissed by simply posting up a video of all the speakers. Which is exactly what AVfM did MRA's have been supporting Gamergate from the start. Mostly because they're dealing with the same idiots. That's people like you As for the Paul Elam article NATURALLY you ignored the article at Jezebel.com where women were talking about hitting their spouses and significant others. But of course you'd do that because it appears that actual fact checking would make your head explode Got owned again

+brangwin Citing dan olsen is clownish, the man went looking for cp and instead of doing what any person with morals would do and report it, he instead downloaded it and used it for his own agenda. The man is simply torn apart by sargon or anyone else that takes a look at his sjw reasoning. And did you even do any research at all? Dan got his cp from Laurelai Bailey, another one of your anti GG sjw's, who was the one who made the cp board on 8chan and handed it to Olsen. You really want to get dirty and mud sling? I'm sorry but you will lose. The depravity on anti GG side is really just beyond the pale, the people who you harbor are just some of the most tragic, damaged, and vile people around. We are talking serious mental illness with many of them, I'd actually feel sorry for many of these people if they weren't so dangerous. Just search out the Sarah Nyberg entry on encyclopedia dramatica, people have logged evidence of that person admitting to having pedophilic predilections, and interests in bestiality. This person is a notorious anti GG troll, one of the most prominent members of your brigade under the name of Srh Butts, its why so many of your compatriots started using the "butts" moniker on twitter to show they stand in league with "butts". Then add free bsd girl randi harper to that dramatica search, criminal record, fondness for doxing people, black listing and just general shadiness. Chris Kluwe the rape joker. Laurelai Bailey as stated above already, creating cp boards for Dan Olsen. Zoe Quinn the hell dump addict(doxing forum), Brianna wu the person who lied about fleeing her home, video evidence proves this, her husband Frank Wu wrote his own "zoe post"slandering his ex wife, who he was apparently abusive with... her game won an award from imore for "action game of the year", turns out they are business colleagues and friends... corruption, hypocrisy, immorality, all standard in that crowd. They all have encyclopedia dramatica entries, you are free to check, and try to debunk anything claimed there, but you won't be able to. Bonus sjw is Peter Coffin,who is involved with those people and is on his second fake girlfriend. The same guy who made the news with the exposure of his fake asian girlfriend, now has a fake wife. Its no surprise he runs in their circles and holds the same views. The hugbox which shelters people from rational criticism is very attractive to people who have problems. You only have to look at breitbarts recently expose of Shanley Kane, this is a new breed of hypocrite who hides behind the banner of feminism or social justice so they can find, dehumanize and bully people with wild abandon. Before she turned to radical feminism, that woman was an avid racist. Its amazing how those radical views just dove tailed together so conveniently for her. But I guess slandering a huge group of people for attack with zero restraint is a convenient commonality for both.

He reported it. Others reported it. The CP in question was up for DAYS by the time he got to it. Try again shortstack. KiA: debate cuecards, admits lying about Dan Olsen, recommends to keep lying: https://archive.today/tHGlm KiA: "The real pity here is that she cowardly did not go through with her suicide." Thread re-iterates old lies about Dan Olsen, despite it being proven to be unfounded by the Canadian government's response. "That whole bullshit about 8chan hosting CP was completely fabricated and Dan Olson was complicit in it. Someone better pay for this shit. I usually keep my composure but I will be the first to take up my torch and pitchfork against these fuckers." TRUST BUT NEVER VERIFY. EVIDENCE IS DUMB. It is disturbing, infuriating and absolutely disgusting that they are parroting something this patently false. https://archive.today/e9AS3 Breakdown of GG defending 8chan's CP: https://archive.today/FUFo1 Ghazi: Person is doxxed for revealing CP on 8chan, despite article not mentioning GG once: https://archive.today/FXDWC <3 JUST...ONE...LINK, OF EVIDENCE. Would make me so happy. JUST ONE. DO IT. TRUST BUT VERIFY BRO.

+Yavo Slavoj Evidence plz. "even paul elams channel" LOL NO.

+Neroke5 You're adorable. Half of Gamergate denies being MRAs, the other half is open. You guys need to calibrate your cuecards better. And provide just an iota of evidence instead of circlejerking.

+brangwin The fact that you are defending Dan Olsen just makes yourself out to be nothing but a stubborn try-hard troll. That shill committed an illegal act just to pedo-shame a website he has no affiliation with. He is a pathetic moron who, based on the Blip videos I've seen of his, is nothing but a conspiracy nut who clearly has no fucking idea what gamergate is or how it even started. He, like many of these white knight virgin fucks only have a grudge with gamergate because their feminazi pals already have an agenda against it.

+brangwin I also happen to be right moron ALSO Even though you guys had a 48 hour head start to stop Adam Baldwin from going to Supanova you've already fallen behind Current count Revoke Adam Baldwin 5,148 Don't revoke Baldwin 6,407 And THAT was with a 48 hour head start and a quiet attempt to sneak this past us without noticing NOTE TO! There's nothing stopping you guys from sock puppeting either. The reason why it's happened is because you don't have the numbers that's why Been a bad week for you I mean the amount of BS you've had to generate to keep your in your delusion will have you eating crap for a month.

+brangwin I could link bomb you bragwin but I won't, you can actually go to kotaku in action and read the entire threads on there instead of clipping out a single anonymous poster to archive as if that means something. Your disingenuousness has no limits, you quite literally cherry picked a comment from someone who was so unpopular they were voted down as spam to make your point about "those people". As for your other links they do not support what you are talking about, someones performance in a live debate has nothing to do with facts but PR because people can't fact check or google during online debates well if at all. So they can get away with lies, the fact is your friend olsen is a disreputable clown who worked with Lorlai Bailey to try to frame 8chan. Dan didn't "report it" he wrote an article, downloaded what he claims was illegal material and exploited it for his own ends. The quality of your selective archive links and their limited nature shows how dishonest your side is. And no I don't post links because it generally ghosts me. You are a big boy, you can search reddit instead of using such old archive links its clear you've been copy pasting from some gamerghazi disinfo dump.

+brangwin http://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/2t5675/infamous_internet_mess_fakes_suicide_after/ more on your disreputable pals Laurelai Bailey, her cp honey pot for Dan Olsen. https://archive.today/SymGT https://pbs.twimg.com/media/B1WNJcXIcAAtrpk.png:large https://archive.today/GyXQQ https://archive.today/bzQAo http://archive.today/u2ZDE#selection-10313.0-10323.17 http://archive.today/IRhjl And Srh Butts is literally a pedophile, self admitted in her site logs, so if you are going to bring in "cp", you are going to lose. Really funny linking to the post about Laurelai faking suicide, fixating on some troll comment which was voted down to miss the point, that person was the one who made the pedo board on 8chan to frame them. Then this disreputable person with a long record of dishonesty fakes a suicide to escape the heat of what they had just done. You literally walked past 392 comments to link to one to miss the point on purpose. Dishonesty much? No, just the standard amount from a sjw.

I understand that some people only get their information from mainstream sources of media and rarely take the time to look into a story. I don't fault people for their ignorance, but it is annoying when someone asks a loaded question like this. The truth is that GamerGate is an consumer revolt against terrible games journalism. If you're reading this and thinking to yourself "games journalism is a joke" then I'm right behind you. But gaming is a 100 billion dollar per year industry, and we need journalists who take it seriously. We all want people to feel included in gaming, science and technology regardless of your gender, gender identity, sexuality or race.

WE are not against women in gaming culture, NOT AT ALL infact. #GamerGate DOES NOT hate women in any way or is even against women, this is misinformation by the people who are afraid to loose their jobs and income over the shit #gamergate has dug up about them, about their corruption and collusion to be exact. Of course if you play the innocent victim you have it MUCH easier to refute any criticism and decry it as harassment. It's really sad Adam fell for this narrative spinning interviewer.

No, you just don't like it when women tell you that you're doing it wrong.

+WashashoreProd If those people have no buisness in gaming which is true for some of them (by their own admission), then yes stfu and let us do our shit, don't meddle in stuff you do not understand and have no part in. And we aren't doing anything wrong, gaming is fine. We do not need people pointing fingers and pushing their agenda of whats right and wrong. This is reallife not some fucking orwellian dystopia.

If anyone is convinced GG is just a right wing movement. TYT Nation and The David Pakman Show are very left leaning and give extensive interviews on the topic. #GamerGate isn't left or right wing.

#NAME?

It's not your call to decide who has the right to call themselves gamers. It never has been. You're just a bunch of angry thugs who elbowed your way into a common space and are now crying foul that you're being forced to share.

+WashashoreProd bull fucking shit. get your facts straight. I never said that. I said that people like Sarkeesian have no buisness in telling us what is apparently wrong with our games, when she herself is not even a gamer and doesn't like videogames - SHE SAID IT IN HER OWN WORDS - I don't go into anime communities for example and tell them 'all the stuff you like doesn't pass my subjective ideology, change it' when I do not like animes or anime-culture, it is a ludicrious thing to do.

+Vent Zero Actually, she has the business - and right - to do so. Just like every other motherfucker that's got a working brain. You can't have it three ways. Either games are mindless entertainment or they're art. Or they're both at the same time. That's up to the individual to decide for themselves. HOWEVER - for anyone who insists that games should be looked at as a legitimate storytelling medium with a lot of promise (like I do), then you should have the intestinal fortitude to accept criticism of it, too. I've been playing video games of all sorts since I was fucking 5 years old. I'm a woman. Video games - everything from the devs to the studios to the distributors to the community and the culture - have a serious problem with women. As a 30+ year gamer, I'm saying that. Isn't that enough? It's not being a victim or looking for 'special' anything -- it's looking at something and saying 'huh... this is fucked up'. There's absolutely nothing wrong with saying that. It doesn't make someone evil, or corrupt, or a liar, or a manipulator or any of the other ridiculous monkey shit insults and slander people are throwing around when it comes to Anita. Everybody - in some way, to some extent - plays games, now. Am I pissed about that? Am I grousing about the damn derty casuals? No. Because it's *none of my fucking business* what people do or how they do it or why. I do my thing. I buy the kinds of games that I like, the kinds of games that interest me - and I play them and I have fun and get wowed by the marriage of the ingenuity of modern technological advancements and creativity that they represent. Do I wanna play Call of Dookie and Battlefart? Fuck, no. Luckily for me, there are alternatives out there - I just want MORE of them - I have the right, as a member of the consumer group, to demand that the market give me more of what I want. Especially if they want me to fork over $40-$60 at a time for a single fucking game. The kind of games you play doesn't concern me. Get it? It's not about what you want. It's about what I - as a consumer - want. And doesn't GamerGate claim to be a consumer advocacy group? Oh, but I forgot - I don't have a dick, so my wants as a consumer don't matter, right? I don't give a fuck what you play, so long as studios stop being afraid to create video games with protagonists that have one less fucking penis once in a blue goddamn moon. What Anita talks about - and what I do whole-heartedly agree with - is that the way that the majority of video games these days portray/treat/represent women is fucking bullshit. And I think the way that women are treated in the gaming industry is also bullshit. Anita's not calling for the end of violent video games or sexist video games or any of your favey-faves. All she's saying is 'so I noticed this stuff - it's fucked up - if you feel like doing something about it, you can if you wanna'. Will some studios and devs and distributors listen? Sure. Some already have. And it got us games like The Last of Us, which - imo - was a pretty fucking awesome game. Video games as we know them aren't over or dead because developers and studios are listening to her or anybody else who has something to say about how video games treat women. A lot of studios and devs and distributors probably also won't listen and that's fine, too - but the market will have the final say, and with more women buying and playing games than ever before, there's gonna come a time where they *have* to listen, otherwise they risk losing out on a huge source of revenue. The time will come where they have to acknowledge us, because it's what good, shiny capitalists do - they chase the money. Time to grow up and learn that not everything is about you. Either learn to share like a civilized human being or get the fuck out.

+Ruby Dynamite nice strawman time. Almost 30 and I play since I was 4 or 5.. If you are a gamer have fun, if you are a women have fun too with games. If you have legitimate criticism and do not resort to out of context representation or cherry picking to voice your critisism, have fun at doing it. No problem at all with that. But if you come from the out side with an agenda, cherry pick your evidence, con 160k$ and refuse to engage in or even block any form of debate about your shitty argumentation and fallacious reasoning. THEN we have a problem. Critique is fine, denying any form of critisism about your methods and conclusion or even go full retard as to call it harassment, THAT is what people like me hate about people like sarkeesian, 160k for 5 videos in 2 year with stolen gameplay footage, cherry picking, and just outright false claims about the games? Woohoo that what I call rigorous research. Stop claiming that women have it so bad in games. What about the men, I could say. Men are portrait as the most fucking manly man you'll ever see. Is that reality? No. Do men get killed,hurt, ..etc in games more than women? Yes. Do some games not differenciate between male and female in their depiction of violence? Yes they do, way to go equality for all even in death animations. Have there always been females protagonists in games, yes (FemShep in ME is my fav for instance). But I guess they do not count since Anita says they're all just guys with boobs... More and more women play games, but ask yourself what are those games they play. Its not CoD, BF, GTA, Hitman or something like that, the study that says 47 or 48% of women play, took people into account that just play browser or smartphone games like candy crush you can all it games if you will, but thats really broadening the term 'gamer' to some ridiculous extend, and women play those game disproportionally more often than men do, play what you wanna play.

+Vent Zero "nice strawman time." Uhhhh-huh. Yeah, and this is all really about ethics in game journalism. Shuuuuree. "If you have legitimate criticism and do not resort to out of context representation or cherry picking to voice your critisism, have fun at doing it." What you refer to as 'cherry-picking' is what most people would call an example. It is just one from that game franchise, but that's the point - she doesn't have all the time in the world to talk about every single fucking instance of women being treated like shit in video games. She used one example, but there are plenty more out there where that came from. The devs put scantily clad women in these players' ways and allow them to be interacted with. That's basically 'she was asking for it', in video game terms. "But if you come from the out side with an agenda, cherry pick your evidence, con 160k$ and refuse to engage in or even block any form of debate about your shitty argumentation and fallacious reasoning. THEN we have a problem." Sorry, but Anita didn't con anybody. She said she wanted to do a series of videos, she got a shit-ton of hate for it and people donated to show their support for her after seeing the endless torrents of abuse and threats she had to put up with. I don't know if anybody in your life has ever told you this, but you do NOT get to decide whose concerns and ideas are valid. You just can't stand the fact that people actually wanted to hear what she had to say - and you don't want people to hear what she has to say because you know there's more truth to what she's saying than you would ever dare to admit. Also, please quit parroting Thunderf00t's accusations. He's a fucking dunderhead who has never even played games before. He's attacking Anita because he has a butthurt axe to grind against feminism because he was a fucking moron and decided to write a blog and post it to a site run by feminist-leaning atheists and they rightfully gave him the fucking boot. The gist of the post was he didn't see the point of having anti-harassment policies at atheist conferences because it 'spoils people's fun'. Nevermind the fact that countless women have been groped, harassed, assaulted and even outright raped at these things. Nah, it would spoil the 'fun'. Yeah, no - he's a fucking rape apologist, as far as I'm concerned, and unless you drop the 'cherry picking and shitty arguments' nonsense, this conversation will come to a stop poste-hasty. "Critique is fine, denying any form of critisism about your methods and conclusion" As someone else has already wisely pointed out - she doesn't have to listen to or accept your critcism. This is not some peer-reviewed scientific study. This is a view of this particular media by a single person. She doesn't have to stand there, hold her arms out, and let you throw tomatoes at her for daring to open her mouth while being in possession of a vagina while also simultaneously being on the internet. "or even go full retard as to call it harassment, THAT is what people like me hate about people like sarkeesian," I don't know what planet you're from, but in America? Death threats = harassment. But if you don't believe me, go say some of the shit that people were saying to Anita to the President and see how totes not serious it is. "160k for 5 videos in 2 year" She asked for significantly less money. Thanks to 4chan's harassment campaign, she got more money. She actually produced the videos she said she would produce with that money. Again - where does the 'con' part come in? "with stolen gameplay footage" I know male reviewers that have used other people's gameplay footage without crediting it. The reaction from the audience wouldn't even register on a heartbeat monitor, it was such a non-issue. So yeah - I call bullshit on your pearl-clutching here. Oh, and btw? Fair use. Look that shit up. "and just outright false claims about the games?" If there's incorrect information, then maybe... oh, I don't know - tweet her and politely ask for a correction or an errata update via video notation? Again - don't know who taught you your fucking earth manners, but death and rape threats are no way to get anyone to listen to anything you have to say. "Woohoo that what I call rigorous research." Again - it doesn't have to be 'rigorous'. She's not doing a field study of the poo-flinging neckbeard in his natural habitat, here. She's giving her meta commentary about a form of media that has extremely problematic elements to it. As that old Buffy quotation goes: Giles: Yes, let's not jump to any conclusions. Buffy: I didn't jump. I took a tiny step, and there conclusions were. You lot are nit-picking the finer details because you know she's got it bang-on accurate when it comes to the big picture and, again, you guys can't stand that. So, you nitpick, 'cause you don't have anything else. "Stop claiming that women have it so bad in games." Stop claiming that women don't have it so bad in video games. Again - what motherfucking planet are you from? THREE WOMEN have been chased out of their homes as a result of death and rape threats. That? Is the very fucking definition of 'women having it bad in video games'. "What about the men, I could say." "What about fuck you," is what I'd say back. "Men are portrait as the most fucking manly man you'll ever see. Is that reality? No." Oh, poor yous! Getting portrayed as strong and capable and brave and able to protect yourselves valiantly against all threats, terrestrial and otherwise. You got it hard, man. You want a hug? Here's a card for a trauma counsellor I know. "Do men get killed,hurt, ..etc in games more than women? Yes." Considering the fact that most games can't/won't include female characters unless there's serious jiggle physics/eye candy involved, there's no real substance to this bit. It's like arguing 'bawww, men die more in wars!', when meanwhile, the military refused to let women do equivalent service because sexism. Try again. "Have there always been females protagonists in games, yes (FemShep in ME is my fav for instance). But I guess they do not count since Anita says they're all just guys with boobs..." I've played ME1 and I didn't mind Fem!Shep, but it's like saying Chell is a really stunning example of a great female character in a video game. She's faceless and voiceless - just a body in an ugly orange jumpsuit and super jumpy boots, with a portal gun stuck on the end of her hand. The devs could have easily exchanged Chell for Charles and the players wouldn't have given a toss. It would have been just one more shiny gem on their huge mountain of gold they don't fucking appreciate. "More and more women play games, but ask yourself what are those games they play." I don't know about the women they surveyed, but I play all sorts of stuff. "the study that says 47 or 48% of women play, took people into account that just play browser or smartphone games like candy crush" Actually, no - it said that 44% of gamers (didn't specify a particular gender) play mobile games and other 'casual' titles. "you can all it games if you will, but thats really broadening the term 'gamer' to some ridiculous extend," If you go by TotalBiscuit's definition of 'game' - an interactive experience that has a set failure condition and/or a set success condition - then yeah, Candy Crush and Farmville and Zuma and all the other titles like that are, in fact, games. Casual they might be, but they're still games. Also, you don't get to decide who or what constitutes a 'gamer', btw. "and women play those game disproportionally more often than men do" Spoken like a man dispraportionally pulling figures straight from his ass.

You just went #fullmcintosh on me here. Tf00t never played games? I guess UT99 doesnt fall into your category of games eh? "'and just outright false claims about the games?' If there's incorrect information, then maybe... oh, I don't know - tweet her and politely ask for a correction or an errata update via video notation? Again - don't know who taught you your fucking earth manners, but death and rape threats are no way to get anyone to listen to anything you have to say." People mentioned politely what was wrong with her cherry picked scene of hitman absolution for example and they got blocked. So yeah... this does happen a lot with her. Regarding Farmville and else ... yeah if those are games ok, but I do not barge into their community of players and demand bases and armies to be built to destroy the other players. I just leave it be and do not care, if they like it I let them play it. "the military refused to let women do equivalent service because sexism. Try again." bullshit. so you want the lower standards so that they can join the fighting forces? yeah right that makes so much sense. the reason they're not in because they can't cut it, even not all men can get in there, which has a very valid and important reason. If people around you in a firefight cant rely on your physical strenght to carry them or on you 'to pull your own weight', then you are a liability and a danger to others, thats not sexist that is fucking biology. women are in general less strong in upper body strenght than men are. you cannot deny that. If women want into the military fine I have zero objection to that, where I object is when standards are lowered for women only.

Can anyone explain if humans have lost the ability to use free will.

#NAME?

#NAME?

+VaporDuke that is very much an illusion as shown by some scientific research in this area of psychology and neurology. incoming stimuli and the conciousness reacting to it is too long, basically all you experience is 0.5 seconds in the past the brain takes so long to process it, what you think as being made as a concious choice is you brain telling you that you did when in fact it reacted before you even realized you had chosen to do anything.

+VaporDuke yes, you have freedom to choose but think about how choices are made. Stimuli/reasons go in.. Choices/actions go out. You are a biological computer. Sorry if your free will doesn't feel so free anymore

+Vent Zero Women are CAPABLE of being extremely strong which is why the gender ban doesn't make sense. No one is saying the standards should be lowered. What we're saying is someone shouldn't be refused based on gender alone.

+Ruby Dynamite You took the words right out of my mouth this is what I've been telling these GG bros all along.

+Jas E. newsflash: noone is saying that at all, nobody cares if you're a woman or a guy playing videogames. what we do not want is jack tompson clones coming along and telling us that we are bad people because we like certain things or object to obvious conflicts of interest. I do not get why it is so hard to understand that. You dont say, women are strong? I wouldve never thought. Careful that was sarcasm, of course I do very much know that, I know and have known a couple of strong females, they didnt need to cry 'patriarchy' at every opportunity to achieve their goals.

Jack Thomson. Claim Violence in videogames causes real world violence. Reality? As violent games sell more and more copies... Teen violence has seen steady decline. Jack Thompson received death threats. Never was harmed. People sold t-shirts with his face and video game crosshairs. He was never harmed. He was put in beat'em up video games where players hit him to a bloody pulp.. Never harmed and no one cared. However, Anita S receives similar treatment (except no tshirts) for making a similar claim.. Some how that's because of her gender and not because her claims are junk?

+AlmostSober you know it's only sexist when men do it.

#NAME?

+Jas E. nice strawman, no it doesnt make them ok, but is does not give you any validation for your argument 'people flip their shit about me, therefore i must be right' the point is: people say shit on the internet, always have and always will be. now to come along and make a big fuzz about something that is seems by many as an annoyance and nothing to be really taken serious - this is the reality - is pathetic. also there is evidence to support the hypothesis that the people who claim to received death threats did in fact post some of those, not all of them mind you (some will definitely come from some idiots who say shit like that), to themself. this does not mean everyone does it or that people on the pro-gg-side never did this, there are certainly people who did this, fact is theyre idiots and the majority of GG denounces any form of harassment and reports it everywhere they can find it. like LWu who got beaten by pro-GG to report a harasser of LWu by 16hours ... there's always idiots on bothsides. another fact is we did not claim that anti-GG is worse than ISIS or shit like that ... we are always depicted as the monsters, and the anti-GG plays the little innocent victim, when in fact some fucked up shit came flung at us by yourside, from your mouthpieces, leigh alexander and others for example. yet we are the monsters ...

+Jas E. I'm only commenting on the difference in most peoples reactions. That is sexism.

+Vent Zero Strawmen everywhere! Lol no I was not saying "people flip their shit about me, therefore i must be right" but the fact is GG did originate among a handful of people who were harassing Zoe Quinn after Eron took to 4chan and reddit to sic people on her. Then when harassment / threats / doxxing shit happened against several female developers and journalists, people on the GG camp seemed to either downplay it severely, minimize it, or attempt to deny it altogether by spreading rumors / conspiracy theories that they can't seem to back up. "people say shit on the internet, always have and always will be." Yes people call each other faggot or make off handed remarks. But it's not every day your home address gets passed around and you receive detailed, violent death threats against you and your family. GG brushes these threats off at their detriment. If you really wanted people to take you seriously, then you wouldn't try to minimize a serious crime while in the same breath condemning anti-GG folks for allegedly doing the same thing. "also there is evidence to support the hypothesis that the people who claim to received death threats did in fact post some of those" Which people? Source? Those who reported threats to the FBI will no doubt be answering the courts if anything turns out to be false. That's good that some people in GG are trying to put a stop to it. Unfortunately a lot of it seems to be based in 8chan. People who use 4/8chan tend to be, uh.. not entirely civil. Let's put it that way.

Face palm.. Logical fallacies, and innacuracies gallore. I don't have the heart to sift through all that.

You poor thing. :C

Being for ethics in games journalism is something I support 100% but GG's methods, their rhetoric, and the people they align themselves with makes it difficult to take them seriously, especially when they spend more time maligning "SJWs" they simply disagree with, spreading misinformation like wildfire, and obsessing over individuals who are relatively powerless (i.e. obscure female developers) than they do uncovering actual corruption in games journalism. It's a thinly veiled attack on what they deem as a war against the status quo of the games industry. "Sarkeesian has been bombarded with 35,188 tweets since September 1, while Wu has gotten 38,952 in the same time period. Combined, these two women have gotten more tweets on the #GamerGate hashtag than all the games journalists Newsweek looked at combined. And, again, neither of them has committed any supposed ethics? violations. Theyre just women who disagree with #GamerGate." http://www.newsweek.com/gamergate-about-media-ethics-or-harassing-women-harassment-data-show-279736

You are hilarious

Such a well researched and unbiased question and answer between two educated people who have an idea of what is happening and not projecting other issues into it.

#gamergat has nothing to do with women. -_- Fighting corrupt games journalism is what #gamergate is about, not fighting women. I am really sick of these ignorant people who have done no research about #gamergate commenting on #gamergate . #notyourshield Look it up.

I see the GGers have come out in full force. Practically all of media decries your movement and methods, maybe it's time for some introspection. If it's all about 'ethics in games journalism', why the focus on women who have nothing to do with games journalism? Critics, indy devs, none of these are games journalists. And yet, you ignore huge problems like paid junkets for reviews, and instead hound women to the point where they feel unsafe in their own homes. And you wonder why you're branded misogynistic, or a hate group?

What do you mean focus on women? Just women? Because I remember hearing more about Nathan Grayson and Totilo.

Really? Nathan Grayson came up very briefly in connection with Zoe Quinn, but the amount of crap she got completely overshadowed anything he might have received - despite the fact that he is the journalist, and should therefore be more of a target of the 'ethics' crowd. Never mind the fact that he never actually wrote the review people claim he did, but that's neither here nor there. Then there was Anita (not a journalist), Brianna (not a journalist) and a whole host of other women, some of whom have regrettably, if understandably, left the industry. Totilo didn't get anywhere near the amount of flak that they did. This is why nobody take serious the claim that it's about ethics in games journalism. The recipients of all the vitriol just don't line up with that claim.

So the media is attempting to cover up the fact that it is corrupt, by decrying a consumer revolt, and you believe them?

I'm not denying that there are problems in games journalism. I am sure of it. I am also sure that the GamerGate movement is not the answer to these problems. Nor, for all their posturing, do they really want to be. Their actions speak for themselves. They ignore real, valid ethical concerns, and focus on women who have nothing to do with their stated goals. As always, actions speak louder than words.

Umm no, we highlight valid ethical concerns and the press goes WOMEN GET HARASSED ONLINe!!!!!

The media was very slow in reporting anything on GamerGate. The harassment happened well before the media got involved (though it continues unabated. Lucky for us it's all about ethics in game journalism, eh?).

It most certainly is, when you have developers being blacklisted, and benefit from personal connections within the media. Don't forget the mass deletion of TBs comment thread, don't forget the harassment Gg members have received, knife and syringe in the mail, swatting, etc. Ignoring it on both sides just legitimizes it on ours. Or the Gg harassment patrol that's actively reporting threats on all sides. Fez winning a grand final when all the judges were big backers to Fez, Tfyc women development project being completely blacklisted, les than 1% of gamergate tweets are to any of the three women who claim to represent all women in gaming.

The analytics of gamergate show that after the articles decrying Gamers, it increased a hundred fold on top of mass censorship. The media tried to silence and now they're actively slandering it , because it's the media being put in question.

Watch pakmans interviews with both sides. Yes getting harassed just for having Jennie Bharaj and TotalBiscuit on his show.

+Thomas de Groot I'm sorry but that's incorrect. GamerGate happened due to the mass censorship of things like the 35,000 post reddit thread and "gamers are dead" articles. # Quinnspiracy is what you're talking about, I think. And Nathan Grayson still comes up, and he's still a massive dick. Do you want to provide evidence that women are attacked by GamerGate? On the other hand, I'll provide evidence that the women of GamerGate are attacked for supporting it.

+Thomas de Groot Nononono, here's the thing, #GG is now trying to ignore Zoe, but staying focused on people like Nathan because he's a journalist.

For evidence of the harassment, just go to the twitter feeds of any of the women involved. It's a very long, very unpleasant read. Check out what happened to Felicia Day, too. She posted an article saying how scary GG was, and fifty minutes later she was doxxed. Any article on Gamergate brings a whole host of creeps out of the woodwork. And yes, there has been some harassment of gamergaters, and that's awful, but it's false equivalence to say that it's equally bad. It's not even close. As for proof: there are plenty of IRC logs, posts on 4chan and 8chan, and thousands of tweets recording that running women / feminists out of town is, indeed, the point.

#NAME?

#NAME?

+Rantandreason Of course. Any harassment is bad. I don't know anyone who is making it up. Do you have any proof of this? In any case, as I have already said, one side receives a crazy amount of harassment, death threats, rape threats, doxxing, and the like. The other side mostly gets disagreement, sarcasm and insults. Yes, there have been some threats against GGers, and that's very bad, but it's a drop in the ocean compared to what feminists / anti-GGers have been getting. Once again, false equivalence.

+Thomas de Groot On your first point: GamerGate is all about ethics in journalism. It's because the media turns it into a harassment campaign - and why wouldn't they? It's a movement finding dirt on the media and calling them out. I don't agree that the harassment portrayed in the media in any way link GamerGate - we're just a very convenient diversion from the real issue. Calling anyone a misogynist neckbeard harasser automatically delegitimises their argument, which is why it's so easy to discredit GamerGate baselessly. If you actually looked, the majority of GamerGate does talk about ethics. And emails. Collusion. And so forth. Nathan gets shit because he talks like an idiot. He gets shit because he baselessly claims a lot of unsubstantiated bollocks, and no one cares about Zoe. Do you want to know who brings her up? The opposition. People like Lifschitz, Chu and Grayson bring her up to no end. We literally do not care about her, Anita or Wu, because they aren't journalists. They make it about themselves and hide behind their gender, when it in fact, is because they are horrible people. On your next post, you say the opposition receives a ton of harassment from GamerGate, but I don't see any evidence of this anywhere. People get called assholes on both sides when they act like assholes, that's not harassment. And yes, we mostly get disagreement, sarcasm and insults. But we get a ton of harassment and threats, both professionally and personally. And this is linked to GamerGate because it is mentioned. People have gotten fired for supporting GamerGate - not for doing anything wrong, but for supporting GamerGate. Called at home, GGFem was threatened with death, KoP was sent a knife and a fire truck, Nero a syringe, and I could go on. On the other hand, evidence that links GamerGate to any form of harassment is hard to come by. And even if a person from GamerGate were to harass or threaten anyone, does that mean the rest 30k is to blame for this? No, of course not, that would be ridiculous. If a feminist were to theoretically post #KillAllMen, does that mean every feminist wants to kill all men? No, of course not.

Thomas, so some obviously coordinate attack on the term gamer and the community behind it and insulting all the people who identify as gamers, that is OK to you obviously? And if these people that are attacked are pissed off and shout back, then they are the creeps??? Ever head of cause and effect? Because you are mixing the two up quite badly.

By your logic every country, every political party , every social movement should change because of negative individuals.

+Thomas de Groot grayson and totilo receive far less flak because they keep their heads down, not because... misogyny The more one sticks one's head above the parapet, the more s**t people will fling because... assholes.

And that's just one example, the point is when this information got out media tried to completely suppress it, the infrastructure doesn't have a standard code of ethics for journalists, I doubt this is the first time it happened and it won't be the last if reformation s aren't put in place.

Even Stephen Totilo conceded that there are genuine ethical concerns and the movement isn't a misogynist harrassment campaign. He conceded that media has handled this very poorly.

+Oliver Hjermitslev Except that the media largely stayed away from anything GG related until much, much later. You're getting your timeline mixed up - the harassment started well before any media coverage of GamerGate. As for Nathan, I do not know him personally, and I do not follow him. The only reason I even know his name is because of his involvement with Zoe Quinn, which was decried by - guess who - GamerGate. So GG brought him into this, nobody else. He might talk shit, I do now know. It is quite possible, but talking shit is not, in and of itself, unethical. So again, if it's all about ethics, why focus on him? I understand that it's not nice to hear that your side is committing harassment (not to mention crimes - death threats are a criminal matter after all), but pretending that Anita Sarkeesian, Brianna Wu or Zoe Quinn (and a whole bunch of others) have not really gotten threatened or harassed is willfully ignorant at best, and downright dishonest at worst. Once more, I urge you to look at their twitter feeds, and go from there. Of course, you might lose faith in your fellow GGers (and humanity, to be honest), but that's a risk you'll have to take. +jysix Nobody is attacking gamers. The one article GG seems so awfully fond of (mis)quoting - the one by Leigh Alexander - didn't attack gamers. All it stated was that 'gamer' as an identity is over, much the same way that nobody identifies as a 'tv- watcher' anymore. Games are so ubiquitous now that practically everyone is a gamer. Sorry to say, but that's not an attack. That's a fact. If you take that as an insult, that's on you, not anyone else. And I say this as a 'gamer' myself.

Even Zoe Quinn and Jason Schreir acknowledged that gamergate supporters are condemning and flagging doxxxs and threats on all sides.

+Thomas de Groot Your notions of who gets what amount of harassment are WAY off. KoPol got a knife mailed to his house. Milo a syringe with some unknown white liquid inside of it. And your assertion that one side is getting threatened while the other side is "just getting criticism" is beyond ignorant. There is a government insider who has informed GGers, and it has been verified, that 2 of the prominent feminists who are anti-GGers faked their own threats. That information is going to break in a few days last I heard. There are a number of others who have been found out to have self doxxed in order to make their victim status higher. This is NOT about gender equality in video games. It never has been. It is a consumer revolt, and gender ideologues have tried to force feed their political agenda into this consumer revolt as a means of shutting it down. Nobody gives a fuck who slept with who. This is not about ZQ. It never has been.

+Jeff Boxing If your movement is so toxic that it destroys or invalidates the message it pretends to espouse, then yes. The KKK is strongly against illegal immigration, as are a lot of people. But you don't join the KKK because you hate illegal immigration - you join the Republican party. Similarly, if you want your concerns re.: journalistic ethics to be taken seriously, you would be better off joining another movement, or starting one. Anyway, got stuff to do offline, sadly. It's been nice talking to you all, and I will look in again later, but if I don't reply for a while you know why!

Again trying to compare a multi national, multi ethnic, multi gender consumer movement founded on faulty infrastructure in games media to the KKK. It's incredibly see through, this is not a supremacist movement. The democratic party should change its name for founding the KKK. Never mind that the party condemns racism and the KKK as an organization, never mind that being a democrat is not race exclusive. Your logical fallacies don't match up with reality. I've highlited clear ethical concerns in the industry and could highlight much more, but you "gotta go". Incredibly disengenous and see through. Tata

+Thomas de Groot Again, I'm going to need to see evidence of this harassment. I do believe some exists, I'm not stupid I know it does somewhere, but it's just so I can personally denounce it. All people in their right mind denounce harassment, including GamerGate. Don't get me wrong I know where you're coming from. I thought GamerGate was all about harassment until somewhere in september when I finally did my own research, and saw a very diverse group of people just looking to be heard, called sockpuppets and neckbeards and misogynists and all sorts, and being unfairly represented by the very media it is fighting. I do not doubt for a minute that these women were sent death threats, I'm merely doubting that any of it came from GamerGate, and no one has been able to prove that it did. Also, you're deliberately misrepresenting most of what I say. For example, no one is saying Nathan Grayson is our focus. He, like any of the women you mentioned, is irrelevant. It's only when he, or they, post baseless claims about GamerGate that we call them out on their bullshit. We are primarily targeting Gawker media and any and all sites that behave unethically or try to push an unwarrented agenda - including their reporters and their CEOs. The fact that you think GamerGate has anything to do with these people only shows me how little you know about this subject. I'm sorry, but you've been misinformed by the very media GamerGate is fighting. Believe me, I should know. I was there. Before you post about how horrible GG is treating these women again, find me some evidence that GG is involved in any way, form or shape. If you cannot, you're doing exactly what the media did to me.

+Thomas de Groot Oh yeah, and thanks for being civil about this. It's a rarity when I talk to the opposition - mostly I just get called a misogynist, asshole, cockgobler or I'm told I'm harassing them for replying to them.

Who exposed shadow of mordor brand deal: GAMERGATE who exposed women in gaming development project being blacklisted and then fully funded it: GAMERGATE

Yeah Thomas is simply misguided , and I can't blame he cites the media we shed light on for his opinion of us. He seems to not understand what Journalistic Ethics actually are, maybe that's why he thinks it's not about said ethics.

It's dumb asses like you who keep the focus on women. And I don't think it's by accident. It's all your side has.

I'll end with some mathematical logic, because I have offline things to do as well. gamergate.me had 800,000 unique IPs last month. 800,000 is quite a lot, and... well, maybe I'll use Ralph Retort's stats instead 250,000 last month. If every GG supporter has two devices that they use to visit the site (and let's say every supporter even visits his site) gives us 125k people. Bear in mind this number is already very low, far from every GG supporter visits theralphretort. 125k people of every gender, race, sexuality etc suddenly turn up online to harass women out of gaming? Now, logic dictates that there must be something else that rooted the spawn and still drives GamerGate. See where I'm getting at? 125k people are suddenly responsible for the actions of a few? And what's more, no evidence points to GG at all. In fact, it points to a severely hurt person that hates feminism more than anything else. Would GG have found Anitas harasser if it was all about harassment (the video if which Anitas followers flagged and removed from youtube, might I add)? Would we have spent over 70k dollars to fund a feminist game development charity if it was about keeping women out of gaming (that ZQ tried to sabotage, now that we're at her)? Would we have spent 100k all together in charity if we were a hate campaign (that gets more hate from people that refuse to do research than anything I have ever had the honor of being part of, might I add)? The answer is: no. GamerGate is, and always has been, about keeping a 100 billion dollar industry clean of corruption. And there is evidence everywhere that this corruption is very real. It's also about games journalists not slandering their user base. How stupid do you have to be to do that? Bite the hand that feeds you? 11 articles in 24 hours was what it took for us to see that something was terribly wrong. And God is something terribly wrong.

Unsafe in their homes. Remember Suey Park claimed to be so harassed and threatened she fled her home. Because you know, colbert fans are misogynists right? Do you notice a pattern of behavior with these women yet? Now just imagine if Suey Park had been white knighted the same way the gamergate women have been by the press, if the press had not defended their darling Colbert, the same thing would have happened then. But instead they did their job that time because darling colbert was one of their own. A journalist asked Suey some simple questions and didn't let her squirm her way out and we saw her for the fraud she was. If that had happened two months ago with these women, they would have gone away. And if you want to pretend they are real victims, no, they are instigators and attention seekers the same way Suey Park is. Google up Brianna Wu's sock puppet account which she even acknowledged as her own, and look at what she wrote. Its grade A trolling of the most disgusting variety. She created an account by the name of drake harper and started posting tweets about how he got erections from the death of lara croft and such things with the gamergate hashtag...that is the type of person we are dealing with. Not poor threatened women, but deliberate trolls. And very wealthy trolls as well. Brianna has a tweet where she is bragging her parents funded her project to the tune of 200k. They are children of wealth. Anita Sarkeesians controller/script writer Johnathan, also from wealth. Its why these people so readily fund the patreons of people who do nothing. These are people who are insulated from reality and its why they behave the way they do but their wealth and their connections have made them dangerous and toxic to society.

+Thomas de Groot Do you have any examples of death threats coming from gamergate? I'm only aware of some Brazilian journalist who made threats using the gamergate hashtag and he was quickly called out and denounced.

+Bon JonBovi Wow, bitter much? Luckily for me, I'm married, so getting laid is not a concern. Nobody is calling for any censorship, or for any games to be removed from the market. What we would like is more diversity in what's on offer. This is in addition to the games already out there, so that people have more options when it comes to picking the kind of protagonist they would like to play as, or to have different treatment of women and minorities other than as eye candy or token NPCs. So don't worry, nobody is going to take away your favorite toys. We would just like more toys, so everyone wins. I'm sorry that you feel this is such a threat that you have to resort to name-calling.

+Bon JonBovi Gamergate doesn't focus on women? The data says otherwise: http://www.newsweek.com/gamergate-about-media-ethics-or-harassing-women-harassment-data-show-279736 If you're really concerned about ethics in game journalism it's time to drop the gamergate tag completely; it's tainted beyond repair.

+Thomas de Groot no one is saying you can't. Not me at least. I just ask that this agenda isn't forced on people, and that anyone who disagrees isn't called a racist or a misogynist. I really don't mind Anita critiquing games like that - I just think it's sad that she links it to real life and demands everyone agrees or they're branded, well, misogynists. What I see is a lot of minorities and women that feel like the white men speaking on their behalf have no idea what they really want, and when THEY call them out they are called gender traitors and internalized misogynists, sockpuppets and are told that the radical left "owns" them for some reason. That's just preposterous. +ahermit That article was debunked thoroughly multiple times. Not only does it not mention the amount of tweets analysed in regard to the three women, it also directly shows that around 5% of the tweets they received were negative. Around 4% were positive. If that's harassment or misogyny to you, I don't know what to say. I can tell you that the women have received less than 1% of the collective GamerGate tweets to date. Now can we stop bringing them up?

+ahermit Oh snap. You just got schooled. Facts r' fun, aren't they? :)

+Durendal33 The problem is that misogyny is self-perpetuating. If most of the games out there portray women as having no agency, or as mere sex objects or damsels, women won't want to play them. This in turn means mostly men will play those games, which then tells gaming companies that they should focus mostly on men. Now, thankfully, it has been shown that women now make up the majority of gamers, and are trying to break into the industry. Sadly, entrenched misogyny is making it very difficult for them. Look, the people I've been debating here have (with one or two exceptions) been very genuine and polite. I absolutely believe that corruption in journalism is what you guys care about. Sadly, the poisonous fruit of the GamerGate movement is working against you here. Go read the 8chan threads on GamerGate. 4chan owner Christopher Poole removed a bunch of GG related threads because of the personal threats and doxxing. Imagine - GG is too toxic for 4chan, generally regarded as a hive of scum and villainy (and funny pictures)! Read the twitter timelines of the individuals involved. All the focus is on specific women, with the occasional mention of using ethics as a cover. This is why, if you want to have a serious conversation about journalism, you absolutely need to distance yourselves from that toxic morass.

+Thomas de Groot I'll let you in on a little secret. I know quite a few girls, and the girls that do play games say they play them because they are fun. They never mention sexism or stereotyping at all. The girls that don't play them? "They're for dorks", "games are boring", "I'm fine with farmville" - they too never mention anything of the sort. I think it's fine that some people want this change in games, so long as it doesn't mean slandering an entire "culture" (that also includes these women I mentioned earlier), collusion, lying or censorship. GG itself is not toxic. It is because people like you (I'm sorry but you came off this way) label it as such. If people promptly stopped labelling GG as misogynist or "toxic" (it's a very popular word I find) it wouldn't be at all. It's misinformation by the very same media we are fighting that makes GG look bad, and people completely ignore Sam Biddles tweets and never bring up ethics at all. On the 4chan bit: Moot is confirmed friends with several people at Gawker media. Lifschitz, a mod on /v/ is friends with ZQ. Why do you think the censorship happened?

+Oliver Hjermitslev Surprisingly, I also know quite a few girls, and women. And while some do, indeed, only play social media games, many also play hardcore games because they enjoy them. That's great, and should be encouraged. But that doesn't mean that they can't wish that instead of playing a muscle-bound barbarian or his chainmail-bikini-wearing sidekick, they would like to play a more realistic version of women? Again, nobody is trying to censor games. Watch all of Anita's videos. Read all of the social commentary that paints games as problematic in terms of their portrayal of women. Nobody is saying that those games shouldn't exist. What we're saying is that in addition to that, we would like more equal and positive portrayals of women and minorities. Somehow, to many people this translates to 'OMG, they want to censor our games!'. Sadly, if after you've looked at the twitter streams and 8chan and the many many other places that GGers congregate you still don't think GG is primarily toxic, there's not much I can do. We will have to disagree, because I find many of their methods and actions absolutely reprehensible. Again, this is not a dig at you or many of the people I've talked to here, you all seem quite genuine in your advocacy for better journalism. I'm sorry that you've chosen to align yourself with this movement, but hey, it's a free country! :)

+Thomas de Groot I think I may look at GG's board on 8chan and the twitter feeds of many supporters more than you do. This is my future industry at stake, after all. I honestly can not find the "reprehensible methods" you're talking about. GG is comprised by a ton of different people and I have never seen gamers become such good friends so quickly. There's so much "brotherhood" for lack of a better word. And while we disagree all the time, we also stick together to email advertisers and spread the message. Bottom line is: we're all different people with different goals and ideas, but we've come together to stop collusion and corruption in an industry we love. That's it. Also, I'm not at all sorry I chose to align myself with GG, so don't be sorry for me. When I finish University in a few years, I want to be able to make games that aren't blacklisted for offending someone, and I don't want people to get picked over me at competitions because of friendships and money. It's that simple, really.

+Oliver Hjermitslev Good luck with University, and I sincerely hope you will break into the gaming industry. Perhaps one day I will be playing one of your games!

+Oliver Hjermitslev Name me one game that's been "blacklisted" becasue of feminist critiques. But first define "blacklisted...."

+ahermit Kingdom Come: Deliverance Daniel Vavra comes from true oppression (communism) and knows what it's like having people think for him because they think it's better. He came here and fought that same ideology whilst making his game, and now KC:D is blacklisted on Gawker and their GJP friends.

Except the only reason why there's any talk about Who 1, 2 and 3 is because they want to be the center of attention. Couple facts for you. In the past month, 1893833 tweets with the #GamerGate hashtag, and 483610 tweets mentioning the name of and replying to Who 1, 2, and 3. That's 25.54%, and that's being really nice because of those 483610 tweets, a large number are from their own supporters and people not even talking about GamerGate at all.

Honestly that is being way generous. At this rate the replies to the three Mojos could mean more than 100% of GG talked about them. I just calculated the stats for GG and BW= ~1%. Harassment? I think not.

#NAME?

+Oliver Hjermitslev Define "blascklisted" please; I don;t think you know what the term actually means here in the real world...one private entity choosing not to promote your game is not being 'blacklisted..." People are allowed to have opinions and not like stuff. that's not censorship or blacklisting.

#NAME?

LOL. I love it. If these SJW's would have been a little more patient and could have held off on saying things like "patriarchy and misogyny" a little longer, they might have jammed their femdicks a little deeper into the gaming industry. But like Chris Farly's first sale in Tommy Boy....they killed it.

+Oliver Hjermitslev And so you have any actual evidence that such a blacklist exists? beyond the paranoid inventions of Gamergate cultists? (and no that listserve isn't evidence of any such thing...)

http://blogjob.com/oneangrygamer/2014/10/gamergate-destructoid-corruption-and-ruined-careers/ This is one for Allistair Pinsof, blacklisted for wanting to publish about a indie festival being corrupt. Denied because of personal affiliations. Here you go, blacklisted by everyone on GJP apparently

The fine young capitalist Women in Gaming projext. Called transphobic for no reason and media wouldn't touch it because their friend, another developer, had a problem with it.

A hermit doesn't know what it's talking about. There is no cult mentality on gamergate we all have different viewpoints, far from a collective. What we have is comprehensive evidence.

A hermit doesn't know what it's talking about. There is no cult mentality on gamergate we all have different viewpoints, far from a collective. What we have is comprehensive evidence.

Because those women have turned the conversation into being about sexism in games media. It started as being about media ethics until one of the people involved got her friend, Sarkeesian to get involved and shift the focus on to sexism. It's like if I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me and when I confronted her she started calling me a sexist to divert attention away from her cheating and onto me for something I really am not.

+DrSQUIRRELBOY12 You have it backwards. I've been following this thing from day 1. It started with the sexist attacks on Quinn and the ethics story was a post hoc rationalization for those attacks. It sucked a lot of people in who may sincerely think it's about that,, but it was never really about ethics to begin with.

+ahermit Really? You mentioned Quinn. Her banging people she worked with isn't unethical? She banged a married man when she had a boyfriend and got coverage for her game she otherwise would not have gotten. Gamergate has moved on from Quinn but that doesn't magically make her not a scandalous whore. Don' be stupid.

Well you can certainly question her sexual ethics, but what does that have to do with gaming? Where's the supposed coverage she got for her game and where's the evidence that there was any quid pro quo? Grayson never wrote anything about her game except one brief mention of it long before they started seeing each other. This is all about her ex being pissed and a bunch of mouth breathing assholes taking the opportunity to gang up on a woman online. It had nothing to do with journalism.

+ahermit No I have it right, don't kidd yourself. I have done my research.

+ahermit Quinn no longer has jack shit to do with Gamergate, no matter how much she believes it. Even if the Quinnspiracy business was false, it still perpetuated a huge gaming media and journalist outcry against the gamer identity, and a huge revolt against their consumers. Quinn is no longer relevant.

+PlatinumGlitchMint4 The origins of the thing are certainly relevant. The attack on Quinn was what Gamergate was initially all about; you can't build a credible movement dedicated to ethics on the back of a campaign of misogynistic trolling. It just won't work.

+ahermit You are absolutely right. Using your pussy to get game coverage is totally ethical! And then when people find out about more corruption....keep telling them the two aren't connected. Oh, and if you find a hundred dollar bill in your couch when you are just looking for change...put it back. You were only supposed to be looking for coins!

+John Smith Except there's no evidence that anyone "used their pussy" to get game coverage. And I think you have a problem when your supposedly ethical movement is ignoring larger issues of corruption and attacking the people who are talking about those real issues... http://leighalexander.net/list-of-ethical-concerns-in-video-games-partial/

+ahermit LoL. Don't ever direct me to anything leigh alexander writes. She is a corrupt, man-hating bitch. I have also seen some of her tweets that show that she is also a racist. If that is who you follow, we are done here.

+ahermit the origin doesn't matter at all. GG could have started with people disliking peanut butter sandwiches because the peanut butter sticks to the top of your mouth (for an entirely arbitrary example) and it wouldn't change what we stand for now, our ideals, our evidence, nothing would change. And while I say Quinn is irrelevant, while I'm at it we didn't just target her as unethical for no reason, she did get positive coverage (coverage, not a review). The Zoe Post The blog post that started all of this Eron Gjoni makes no accusation of that kind, all he does is imply the Zoe Quinn used sex and relationships in order to forward her own career and he doesn't even mention the media angle. Hell hath no fury like a lover's scorn (Zoe Quinn & Eron Gjoni) Mundane Matts first video on the subject, the one got taken down due to the false DMCA report. Mundane Matt only suggests that Zoe Quinn and Nathan Graysons relationship may have been responsible for some of the positive coverage the Depression quest had received, he doesn't even mention the word review. Quinnspiracy Theory: The Five Guys Saga IA's first video on the subject. Again no accusations involving Nathan Grayson writing a review. In fact IA specifies the two articles here he suspects Grayson angle may have been effected by his relationship to Quinn.

+Braeden Ruff Yeah I've seen all of that, whther the word "review" was used or not doesn't change the (false) implications that were being made. The whole thing started as personal attacks on Quinn, the "ethics' stuff was a dodge to paper over a sexist hate campaign. Seems to me it's pretty hard to build a serious ethical movement on that foundation. Better to bulldoze the thing and start over if ethics are your real concern.

+ahermit Doesn't matter if she had relevance in the origins of the movement. She no longer does now. All she did was instigate it, and now the focus is on the journalist who further pushed this movement together with those "gamers are dead" articles and the continued corruption to come out of this conflict as a result.

"I see the GGers have come out in full force. Practically all of media decries your movement and methods, maybe it's time for some introspection." Who in their right mind trusts the media? "Critics, indy devs, none of these are games journalists. And yet, you ignore huge problems like paid junkets for reviews, and instead hound women to the point where they feel unsafe in their own homes." 1. Who's ignoring those problems? 2. You're talking about a small minority of people who aren't representative of or in many cases even a part of GamerGate when you talk about those hounding women. Gamer Gate has called out sexism at nearly every turn in this conflict. It was anti-GGers who attacked the fine young capitalists. It was Gamer Gate who funded them. Think about which side really doesn't want to see women in gaming. 3. Threats of violence and actual acts of violence, including SWATing(As far as I'm concerned, that's attempted murder) has been committed against Pro Gamer Gate individuals. "And you wonder why you're branded misogynistic, or a hate group?" The why is that idiots like you don't do your research.

#NAME?

gamergate its just a hashtag ,anybody can use it , so you cant say " Gamergate its about harrasing women " why? because then how about famous people that are pro-gamergate ,then they are against women ? how about the women that speak for gamergate? you know you can find easily alot of female youtubers speaking and they are totally pro gamergate , if your logic its that GG just attack women ,then why GG its not trying to attack all women but only a few of them? now this anti-GG people are trying to make a new slogan "Gamergate its about pedophiles!" , its this boogeyman narrative they keep making about the subject its hilarious how people buy it ,"yea! GG its totally about child porn man! its disgusting!"

#NAME?

yeap , beside its funny how most of anti-GG videos have more negative reputation than positive , but for some reason in wikipedia they threat GG as the most hated group in gaming.

Right. So when the media called atheists a bunch of nasty things they should have packed up shop and found the latest church, because there is no such things as propaganda and smear campaigns? Well said. Who cares about things like free speech and consumer rights when you can just Listen & Believe like you imply right? /slowclap

+ahermit Wrong, from the first internet aristocrat video she was thrown aside, the big man himself dismissed her in the first portion of his first video. Who couldn't stop talking about that woman? The media as outlined by the breitbart article on why the journalists can't stop talking about her sex life. And really, stop defending that woman, she was a self admitted hell dump addict. A doxing forum where they took joy from ruining peoples lives. She is an objectively terrible person with a sordid history, and the fact that people rally around her as if she needs protection reveals a lot about the actual sexism in our society.

Adam, Adam Adam! Feelin' that "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" vibe... and/or better yet Invasion of the Uninformed!

Bahahah, looks like goobergaters spammed a nother video. You virgins! Haven't you learned anything from the failure of the ron paul cultists?

M'lady.

U mad bout dose dislikes bro?

Referring to people as virgins in a derisive manner suggests you believe they MUST have sex to be an acceptable member of society. Ironically as you try and insult and bully, you are, in fact supporting rape culture.

I've given birth twice. Pretty sure I'm not a virgin.

Its funny how he doesn't realized that saying that the value of a man is based on his approval by women sexually is about as sexist as it gets. Just flip it around and it becomes clear. The value of a woman is based on the sexual approval of men. How's that sound...

+MsShadowPaint But we Gamers MUST be a bunch of virgins, according to the anti-gg narative. There's only one way to explain this. Your children will grow up to be the neckbeard messiahs.

Okay,this is what I don't understand. Say there are boaters,people who like being on the open water. Their hobby is pretty much making boats or maintaining boats then maybe going out for fishing,water skiing, or even some diving. Then some quack comes along and says "Those boaters could be doing ANYTHING out there and why aren't there more X-brand of boaters?" Seems to me most people would think an individual suspicious against boaters would be a tad off his or her rocker. Yet the media has totally convinced you that gamers apart of a consumer revolt about creative freedom and journalistic ethics as as follows. 1. All white cis dude bros. 2. Okay,maybe there are pro GG minorities but they must be dimwitted "Uncle Toms" who bought the narrative! Yeah,that's not racist. 3. women GGers are sock puppets or have internalized misogyny. 4. It's all about "women hatred" because that's obviously more important to gamers than gaming. I know I sure want an all sausage party! 5. We're somehow at the gates denying women access to game development. (It's not just because more men tend to be interested in that field than women. Also let's not bring up Roberta Williams,Corrinne Yu,Ayami Kojima,Amy Hennig,Tara Strong or Erin Fitzgerald,shhhhhh!) How the fuck can anyone swallow that? Fucking just contemplate that in your head space for 5 friggin seconds. If it doesn't seem fishy I cannot help you!

Cults don't have decades of evidence and sound logic to back up their philosophy. Libertarianism is growing.

fuck this, fuck all of this. jamie would totally fucking object because when he was in battlebots the lack of women was because women were just not interested in a show about robots fightings. I hope jamie slaps some sense into adam.

Well... These shills won't be around for much longer.

Ugh, another person being influenced by the lies.

we should reach out to jamie rationally

Which lies, +cakemagic lol ? He literally talked about his own personal experiences and the experiences of the women he knows...are you calling him a liar? What are you actually saying?

+Jamin Gray I'm sorry if it seemed like I was calling him specifically a liar. I meant that people were influenced by incorrect statements about the #GamerGate movement. If it's just about harassment on the internet in general, then yes, I agree it's a problem. However, the vast majority of #GamerGate does not condone it.

This has nothing to do with #GamerGate .Adam was asked a loaded question and it is obvious he has no idea the narrative the interviewer is spinning. She walked him into a minefield without him realizing it. Indre Viskontas, or whoever wrote her questions if she didn't, should be ashamed. What happened here is the EXACT reason Gamergate exists. Inquiring Minds just pissed off their viewership because even though Adam has no idea what a shit storm he was dragged into without knowing it, nearly everyone watching this video can see his character being used for a nefarious agenda. "Hey Adam, you don't seem to know much about GamerGate, but how do you feel about the women haters that call themselves GamerGate and what they are doing to certain fields, like gaming and tech?" What is he going to do in this friendly interview? He is going to assume the interviewer isn't asking loaded questions and leading him on, and he fell for it. Shameful. When will journalists and reporters understand that GamerGate is about cleaning up corruption in journalism (gaming journalism to be exact) because we are sick of it in our field of love, gaming. When journalists keep acting like fake faces to turn a quick buck, WE CAN SEE IT. WE ARE WATCHING THE VIDEO AND SEE IT. WHO ARE YOU FOOLING? Get ready to see this video Downvoted to high hell because anyone with half a brain can see Adam being used here for an agenda/quickbuck/whatever without him knowing the facts of the issue at hand. Shameful.

Why are you on a youtube channel with 2 videos and an equal amount of subscribers when the person in question isn't even remotely related to "video games journalism"? What is the "corruption" that is going on here? Is it because Gamergate is being shown in an unfavorable light? Shouldn't the movements actions speak for itself (they do, hence why nearly any reasonable person agrees on the fact that it's a terrible thing, but let's ignore that for a minute), without you idiots having to rush every single minute piece of criticism with pathetic abandon? Also, smart guy, motherjones is non-profit news organization, and has nothing to do with "video games journalism". The only thing "shameful" here is your lack of self-awareness.

#NAME?

+HecklerSC2 You said the exact same thing I said. Thanks! This has nothing to do with GamerGate and I don't see why she had to shoe horn that GamerGate question in to an obviously oblivious Adam. She is trying to make this interview block about GamerGate. Not me, Not Adam, no one else.

At first I thought this comment was hilarious, then I realized how unhinged you all are and that`s.. scary considering all of the death threats and shit.

I like how the "everyone who disagrees with GG needs to do research" narrative is still being pushed when it's actually worse than the media painted it when you delve into the kind of attitudes supporting it.

+HecklerSC2 Because it's tagged #Gamergate perhaps?

+MMAN2 They do because this is a campaign of disinformation on a massive scale. If you think this is just a trivial matter over "misogyny" ask yourself the simple question. Is this generation of young people the most intolerant people around? Is that really believable. By all measures this generation is the most progressive that has ever been around in the west. Yet you hear this droning message of "misogyny" based on the most dubious evidence possible. So ask yourself is there a credibility gap here. Why are so many women and minorities behind gamergate if the narrative is true. Ask yourself that. Just head on over to Oliver Campbell's channel for instance on youtube, go look at episode 4, he discusses gamergate with several supporters and a dev, one is gay, one is a transsexual, one is a woman, and he is black. Please try to square that circle... Something is wrong in the media, this is the truth of the matter. The games media was exposed to have a secret mailing list where they not only colluded to create a narrative, which led to the 10 gamers is dead articles dropping on the same day, but they will even stoop to making the news they want to report on through the mailing list. The "stop the hate" campaign petition which they pretended was an organic response by devs to early gamergate was actually created by those in that mailing list. That is serious corruption, and serious dishonesty and a professional breach of every kind when it comes to their job of reporting the truth and serving their readers. But since these media outlets in gaming work together in unison instead of being competitors, they were able to rig the narrative with and endless torrent of articles, which in turn corrupts wikipedia because they are the "sources"...which in turn corrupts the mainstream media because these people have connections and are either directly reprinted or become the sources for stories in mainstream media. The standard "tech" reporter at a mainstream media publication thinks that "research" is reading an article on kotaku, then the verge, and perhaps polygon. Basically at that point anything that person writes is fruit from a poisoned tree. And this has gone on for over 2 months now. I'm sorry but if you dig even for a little bit you will see how far down this rabbit hole goes. It has repercussions which have to be acknowledged, the left wing press has been exposed as worse than fox news. Not something I could have imagined saying not that long ago.

+HecklerSC2 What does any word of what you say have to do with reality? Or are you just one more angry, pimply fool who can't talk to girls unless you've been drinking?

"ask yourself the simple question. Is this generation of young people the most intolerant people around? Is that really believable." No, because that's going to a random extreme out of nowhere. This being the most progressive generation so far doesn't mean there aren't still major issues with bigotry.

+MMAN2 Which justifies the smears? Sorry no, that is just prejudice in action. I'm sure some black person out there has murdered someone. By national crime statistics they commit half the murders and about 40 occur each day so that's 20 murders by black people a day. So if we're going to say gamers are misogynists, clearly you should be calling black people criminals and murderers right, that is sjw reasoning in action. The fact is you can't attribute any of the harassment claims to any legitimate gamergate people, in fact the prominent members have behaved admirably under this level of attack. All the while people on the anti gamergate side, adult professionals from sam biddle, who called for nerds to be bulled, and jezebels editor who said much the same, to devin faraci who called us worse than isis, to ben dreyfuss of motherjones who said all sorts of horrific things, and arthur chu who again just spewed all sorts of nonsense....the bad behavior of actual people in power with voices on the anti gamergate side has been FAR worse than anything gamergate has done. In fact just on the matter of harassment and attacks, gamergate has faced doxing of all its major members. King of pol was sent a knife in the mail, milo a syringe, pol got swatted last week as well, and others have had their workplaces called with people making horrific slanderous claims about them being into child pornography trying to get them fired. Of course none of this is reported, and ask yourself why. Again, go look at oliver campbells stream, episode 4 where he has on the most diverse panel around, and ask yourself how you can square that circle with what has been reported. The idea that there is a massive campaign of misogyny in this generation is simply laughable on its face, and it takes a lot of propagandistic brainwash for people to accept such an unbelievable claim this readily.

"Prominent members... King of Pol" If you want to talk about the harassment maybe you shouldn't bring up someone who's bailed on GG because they got more harrassment from those inside it than from those outside of it: http://twishort.com/DONgc

+francis chow "I'm sorry but if you dig even for a little bit you will see how far down this rabbit hole goes." Really? You don't think you're exaggerating just a little bit? It's fucking GAMES JOURNALISM. And there is no misinformation - the tag literally started with a video about Quinn and her sex life. People can see through this "it's about ethics" bullshit because that's what it is. FFS, even you guys let it slip that it's about SJWs and evil feminists every 10 seconds. But then up you pop when a new video appears screaming "IT'S ABOUT ETHICCCSSS". People aren't stupid. You all seem to think everyone is, but no, they aren't.

+Irish Grubbs You don't get to decide what we care about. Nobody gives a shit about Zoe Quinn. The only reason she stays in the conversation is because you dipshits continually use her as a deflection.

+Irish Grubbs Skepticism is legitimate. But the question is why you don't have a more open mind or even apply that skepticism in a fair manner. This hasn't been two months of nothing. Gamers, and just plain trouble makers don't have that kind of attention span, never mind on the internet, as I said if you dig even a second you will find that its about something more. Its exposed corruption not just in games media, but in the progressive movement and the mainstream media as well. There has been a degeneration of principles on the progressive left which has allowed this happen, and its been exposed to a generation of people, its been exposed to gamers, and whether you want to acknowledge it or not this will have knock on effects into the future. You can keep spitting out the strawmans if you like, but as said before, can you actually square the circle after watching Oliver Campbells youtube videos, esp episode 4, explain how they behave with what you've been told, explain what they are, who they are with what you've been told. You've been subjected to a media echo chamber like the rest, and its hard for me to explain the events of 2 months of news they've deliberately or just through incompetence have failed to cover, but again, just take a peek at that and explain how that fits your preconceptions if you are brave enough. Btw the tag started with that disclosure, but she was literally dismissed in Internet Aristocrats first video on the subject over 2 months ago. This is just the fact of the matter. What happened after is covered in breitbarts article "Why-Gaming-Journalists-Keep-Dragging-Zoe-Quinns-Sex-Life-into-the-Spotlight" which was also published 2 months ago. So don't pretend this isn't something they have deliberately done.

+Jeremy Scott +francis chow "You've been subjected to a media echo chamber like the rest," Yeah, sorry, no. I've been here since the beginning. I've watched GG attack Quinn over and over. Bullshit that it isn't about her or other prominent women. Remember the charity thing? When GG "proved" that she didn't donate portions from Depression Quest? Then you guys were proven wrong and it was back to "LiterallyWho?" Good grief, just last week Camera Lady was shitting up her mentions. GGers fucking follow her and jump on her if she even hints at being somewhat controversial. I'm not blind and I'm not closed minded. Anytime there's an interview or story about her GGers descend and fill up the comment sections. Ugh, anyway thankfully this movement is pretty much dying - and it is. Unfortunately it will be slow and painful (for the rest of us) but #GamerGate is done. Haven't you noticed the high profile GG supporters jumping ship? Yeah, not a good sign.

+Irish Grubbs That's funny, because I've been here since before the beginning and all I've seen is the same professional victims claiming horrible harassment that you'd expect any public figure to receive. Quinn is a public figure who has been discussed a lot because morons like you won't shut up about her. Yet even with all the discussion, she makes up less than 1% of all tweets related to #Gamergate . Still want to claim that it's all about her? And nobody's jumped ship, despite what your echo chamber is telling you.

+Jeremy Scott Hahaha, you're fucking delusional, Dude. Nobody has jumped ship? https://twitter.com/Int_Aristocrat/status/530386752674869248 https://twitter.com/Nero/status/530386146920906752 And then there's KingOfPol who literally says he's received more harassment from GGers than "anti-GGers". Also.. "the same professional victims claiming horrible harassment" your real agenda is showing!

Meh. He hasn't jumped ship, he's just calling out dumb actions on the side of #Gamergate . This is one of the main differences between #Gamergate and the SJW crowd: we criticize ourselves.

+Jeremy Scott Uh, I linked three people. And yes, they have jumped. They know the end is coming and they're trying to preserve as much of their reputation as they can.

Both of your links bring up the same conversation and I didn't see anyone say "I'm out" in any of them. You obviously didn't hear the Sargon of Akkad stream this morning where most of this stuff was talked out. And the best part is that even if KoP, IA, and Milo all bail, they're just 3 people. Others will replace them. Keep declaring victory. It's worked out SO well for you so far.

+Irish Grubbs You wish that these people were #gamergate. Well they are not. And no where have I seen that they do not support the consumer revolt! Even on the link you posted it reads KoP asking people to continue sending emails! Keep on praying! #Gamergate is not dead... Its about to become the new games industry!

+Jeremy Scott Honestly Dude, I'm just stunned that you guys think you're "winning". You have no idea how it looks from the outside. It's madness. I'm not interested in a "victory" (though the Colbert show felt pretty damn good) - I just want the harassment and hate campaigns to stop. I really feel for the victims in all of this. Anyway, bedtime! Keep emailing! You're winning!

+Irish Grubbs Having you learnt by now? We don't die! We just multiply! #gamergate

+Irish Grubbs #Gamergate has already won. It's forced ethics standards changes in several media outlets. The question now is just how far it's going to go.

+Jeremy Scott Yeah yeah.. oh look, it's not about LW again.. https://twitter.com/jordanowen42/status/530533598953476097

Actually if you listened to the podcast, he had every idea exactly the context of the question, +BuFFoTheArtClown

+Irish Grubbs Impressive. You found one tweet out of millions mentioning her. STOP THE PRESSES EVERYONE, it's all about one person! Are you aware that less than 1% of all #Gamergate tweets mention her? Do you know what confirmation bias and availability heuristic are?

+Jeremy Scott I pasted that tweet because it happened while we were speaking fuckhead. And of course they don't use the tag when mentioning her, you guys aren't completely brain dead. Fuck off with your bullshit, people have been watching. And yes, I know what your "fancy words" mean.. lol, you think that makes you seem intelligent? Most #GamerGate tweets consist of "Actually, it's about ethics in blkdfhjfkdsafa". Eh, anyway, you misogynistic fuckwads are a dying breed, my friend. I think that's probably why you're all screaming so loudly. Hurts, doesn't it?

Yawn.

+Jeremy Scott *Hugs*

+Clocked Gamingz "#Gamergate is not dead... Its about to become the new games industry!" lolwut?

#NAME?

#NAME?

+Irish Grubbs I likened you to a religious fundie, in the fact that you resort to name calling when you're disagreed with. It must be an interesting world to live in, where you just assume that anyone who disagrees with you is a hateful person.

Actually, I was responding to the "Deleted your reply" comment. Haven't deleted anything as far as I remember. And I don't think everyone who disagrees with me is hateful. I do think GGers come in two flavours, however. Those who've been duped into believing it's about ethics and the assholes. Apologies if you're the former.

+Irish Grubbs There was a comment the other night about you being tired and it being 6:00 AM and apologizing for your weak effort that seems to be gone. Perhaps you just edited it to say "Hugs" instead. Doesn't matter though. You're still just shit slinging at this point.

The problem is education. People need to learn what gamergate is. I think Adam hit the nail on the head for the true haters of any demographic. However the pro GG people have been mislabeled as the haters. The world needs to scrape the feminist propaganda crap out of its eyes and look at what the true story is here.

+HecklerSC2 "If you respond to a video misrepresenting something you believe in, you're just a rabid rabble rousing internet terrorist!" I just wish you mongoloids would read what you write before posting. You guys are literally the far left equivalent of religious fundamentalists. It's fucking uncanny.

+BuFFoTheArtClown Actually, he wasn't baited into this. He expressed very clearly in their live on-stage interview (episode 58) on their podcast his opinions about GamerGate and sexism in general, and he made it very, very, very clear which side of the fence he falls on. VERY clear, in case I'm not emphasizing how clear he made his opinion. The only reason this video (and others expressing similar opinions about GamerGate) get downvoted is because GamerGaters are immature, overcompensating trolls who can't handle the fact that their beliefs are not widely held by people they previously perceived as geek icons like Adam Savage.

What does this have to do with #GamerGate ?

AntiGG are corporate shills. Why all this hatred towards men and gamers.

What a bullshit question...

There is not rage against women in tech fields. This narrative is baseless. #notyourshield was created just to show that fact. There is a huge dislike of Wu, Quinn, and Sarkesian as shady PEOPLE not as a gender. This has been repeatedly stated but the media keeps trying to say its against women.

Never meet your heroes, kids, they'll always disappoint sooner or later.

Why does GamerGate have to condemn people that barely knew about this movement? It wasn't his fault.

Come on Adam, I respect him, but as a man of science he really should do more research on GG before commenting.

hes a special effects artist. jamie has more sense

You talk about science do some research. God damn idiots.

Whoa. Why the hate on Savage?

Here's to hoping Savage might take the time to do some research and bust some of the many myths about Gamergate having literally anything to do with women. It doesn't... save for a handful of trolls doing their best to ruin it for everybody involved.

The question "why is there a rage against women in fields such as tech fields?" is totally unfounded. This has nothing to do with gamergate. The issue isn't women in tech fields or gaming or what ever it is feminists coming in and wanting everything to change to suit feminist desires. Just a bit of FYI feminists don't speak for women they speak for a minority of angry bitter people that have nothing better to do with their lives but complain.

I can't say for certain whether or not the question is baseless; maybe there is really an issue there. However I take issue with linking that question to Gamergate in any way. That is simply misleading. Gamergate is about a lack of ethical journalism in the video game industry. These issues are entirely separate.

+hrhrghrghghr That's why I said that this has nothing to do with gamergate. I probably could have been a bit clearer on that. English isn't always the best way to communicate information as there can be some reading into it that changes from person to person. There might be some people that take issue with women in certain fields but those people are pretty far and few between, I know many scientists some are older women that have worked a long time in science and as far as I know they've never really come under any sort of criticism due to their gender. When I learned computer science we only had a few women that made it to the end without dropping out like about 90% of everyone else did, no one criticized them based on gender.

this video is out of hp!

Hi Indre, I hope you are reading this. I am a great fan of your show and Chris Mooney for a long time. I followed you guys since before the move from Point of Inquiry. I am pleading for you guys to be more objective about this issue and actually speak to people who support #GamerGate such as TotalBiscuit, Jenny Bharaj, Oliver Cambell, MundaneMatt & etc. Despite what the media want to paint gamer Gamergate as, it is not a group that wants to harrass any women. It is a consumer rebellion against corrupt gaming journalists. Please see the video below to give objectivity and rationality a chance. The women of Gamergate speaks: HuffPost Live: 3 Strong Women Of #GamerGate Fight Back! TotalBiscuit interviewed by David Pakman: #GamerGate: TotalBiscuit on Ethics, Was Offered Free Stuff for Reviews

I feel terrible that you've (intentionally or not) terribly misinformed Adam Savage. There is no culture of misogyny towards women, and trying to link it to GamerGate is even more dishonest of you as GamerGate has a HUGE amount of women involved, several of them female game devs who joined specifically to dispute the false claim you're making in this video. If you're misinformed, get educated. If you're willfully lying to promote this false narrative, you should feel deeply ashamed, and I mourn for your soul.

15000 people on a blockbot and you call us a small number

Well, she was talking about the vitriolic men against women in the tech fields... That is undoubtably a minority. But really, GG denounces that kind of nonsense. For crying out loud, #GamerGate helped raise over $70k to help fund women developing video games through a feminist group (TFYC)

~5,000. And yes, that is a tiny number comparatively.

Reminder: 15.000+ people who are openly pro-GamerGate on Twitter only. We have a lot more people than that.

[Citation needed]

Reddit, Twitter followers and the blocklist are my sources. I really don't care that much about those Youtube comments, though.

+Jesus Cristo "Reminder: 15.000+ people who are openly pro-GamerGate on Twitter only." http://topsy.com/analytics?q1=notyourshield&q2=gamergate&q3=yolo&via=Topsy People use the GamerGate hashtag a less than they use the YOLO hashtag. Additionally, if you look at the number one tweet per day that uses the GamerGate hashtag, most of them are anti-GG. You're a tiny minority and you are losing. This could be because GamerGate has literally co-oped Nazi propaganda to attack Anita Sarkeesian. That tends to turn people off.

#NAME?

+Howard Zhang "actually most posts are by pro gg pepple if you checked" Actually, someone paid a brand researcher to check, and most were neutral. 300,000 tweets used the GamerGate hashtag in the past month and that includes the people making fun of them. So no, you are not a giant movement and you are losing. You are losing, because you have people who like terms like "Jewskeesian" is witty.

http://wondermark.com/1k62/

which brand researcher, most post on gg are about sending emails and the talking against the opposition.

and kotakuinaction has 18000 subscribers alone. and quite an unknown number on 8chan

and god dman it use the goddamn hashtag on topsy http://topsy.com/analytics?q1=%23notyourshield&q2=%23gamergate&q3=%23yolo&via=Topsy

+Howard Zhang It was actually the Pew Research Center doing a brand survey. Also of note... 25% of the accounts were created within the past two month. Can you say "sockpuppet"?

+BrotherAlpha with ProGG people getting fired and labeled Misogynists... These are possibly just new anon accounts and not sock Puppets. #NotYourShield is filled with people fighting the assertion that gg is only made of Cis White Hetero Males.

+BrotherAlpha How is GG losing? Last I checked, Gawker was bleeding out from its vagina. We're just getting warmed up. WTF has anti side done? They don't even have a plan lol. All they do is talk shit and cry. Look at me I'm a victim! Games are sexist! Misogyny! What does that accomplish. All it does is piss rational people off (the majority, sorry).

ohhh that stuff by wofford kind of got that most of neutral stuff http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/854/518/24c.png conflict of interest and the only research i can find from pew is about how women is being harrassed.

Just search out mykerumedia's channel he has a video on the "blockbot" and the beeb, the first time this block bot nonsense came up was when the sjw's destroyed atheism/skepticism conferences. The entire "blockbot" phenomenon is exactly proof of their toxic mentality. They've created a political enemies list, mccarthy style, a black list of "communists" and such. And people end up on the list for the most innocuous reasons, mostly they dare to disagree with you or are dangerous in their ability to make sense. The fact that the left is embracing these sorts of tactics and not talking about it says it all about the anti gamergate side. The extreme left has become the very thing they used to fight against.

+John Smith "How is GG losing? Last I checked, Gawker was bleeding out from its vagina." No it's not. This year it will have its best traffic numbers ever. This literally took 15 seconds to check. I don't know who told you they were dying, but they are lying to you. Remember that. They people who told you Gawker is dying lied. Don't trust them when they say you are winning. "We're just getting warmed up." Which is why the hashtag usage is way down. It only bounce back after a couple of women received death threats. It's that's winning, I don't want to see what you think losing is. "WTF has anti side done?" Got people talking about how awful you guys are. Intel and Adobe offered apologies for hinting that they were on your side. Your opinions are now toxic.

+BrotherAlpha u mean when brianna wu got adobe to "denounce gamergate"? lol? Advertisers aren't on anyone's side. That is the kind of game you play. It's cute.

+BrotherAlpha You still need to practice quite a lot to be able to write actually good demotivational messages. But don't worry, someday you'll be able to channel all that hate on something productive. Anyway, let's go, I'll try to not skip anything: The issue about the yolo hashtag has already been adressed (still, what the hell were you thinking when you tried to use that as proof?). Could you please link the source about most of the tweets with the hashtag being anti-GG? Because if you ever spent more than 10 minutes actually reading those tweets you would be pretty sure that's not what's happening. You do realize that GamerGate is running statistics about the use of the hashtag literally EVERY single day, right? Trying to lie about that isn't going to take you anywhere. For instance, there's this guy sampling the first 100 tweets about GamerGate everyday and putting it into pictures, here's the last one I checked: http://i.imgur.com/XLcvRva.jpg We also had this guy classifying GG tweets between "anti" and "pro", but he stopped after a while since the results were always 90%+ pro every single day. (You'll have to search about this one on your own, sorry) The only research with "neutral" tweets I've heard of is this one: https://medium.com/@cainejw/an-actual-statistical-analysis-of-gamergate-dfd809858f68 And you probably should read it again now that a lot of thing have been settled. I particulary don't see a problem with new Twitter accounts. As you already know, most of them are people from 4chan, Reddit and a few other sites looking for an open space to talk about #GamerGate. I'm one of those people. Good luck trying to spread misinformation.

+mr nineflower "the small web traffic drop was probly due there not a lot games being relased." Sites like that will have seasonal traffic changes based on the number of major releases. Their traffic over the past year has been better than last year, so I don't think they are worried.

+John Smith "u mean when..." Thank you for admitting defeat. You claimed Gawker was bleeding out, but traffic is up. You didn't even attempt to defend that lie. "Advertisers aren't on anyone's side." No... they are not on your side. Your attempts to bully them failed.

+Jesus Cristo "The issue about the yolo hashtag has already been adressed (still, what the hell were you thinking when you tried to use that as proof?)." Unless the post that addressed the YOLO hashtag has been deleted, it hasn't been dealt with. And the reason I brought it up is simple. If you are trying to make out GamerGate as some huge movement, but it is generating less traffic that YOLO. A tag that is four years old and overplayed. "Could you please link the source about most of the tweets with the hashtag being anti-GG?" Three sources, two I've already linked to. Topsey keeps track of the most popular tweet for that hashtag every day. Most days it is anti-GG. You linked to analysis to the other, and boy that was a bundle of bias. "You do realize that GamerGate is running statistics about the use of the hashtag literally EVERY single day, right? ... For instance, there's this guy sampling the first 100 tweets..." So you expect me to ignore the professionals and listen to pro-GGers, like they don't have a bias? GGers literally used Nazi propaganda to attack Anita Sarkeesian, and then pretended it wasn't racist. Tell me again why I should trust their opinion over professionals. "I particulary don't see a problem with new Twitter accounts." That's funny. When Anita Sarkeesian was threated with a new Twitter account, people said that was proof the threat was a hoax.

+Jesus Cristo Even if one has no knowledge of statistics (I did take a stats class once and no anit-gg troll could ever hope to stress me out as bad as that class did), they should still figure out that the conclusion inferred from that data comes from bad reasoning. The women in that data have all been hostile to gamergate, so hostility in return should be expected if gamergate is NOT about harassment of women.

This interview had nothing to do with #GamerGate if viewers wish for interviews of people informed on the topic.... TYT Nation interviewed feminist gamer journalist Liana K for hours. David Pakman of the David Pakman Show has done several GG interviews. All hosts are very liberal if you are worried about political a political bias you will be hard pressed to find it.